马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
2023-02-17
 




English 

PE: Mangue Red holds 1st Student Meeting 
Author: Ângelo de Carvalho
Description: On January 28, activists of the Red Mangue Collective (MV) held the first student meeting of their organization. The event was autosustrated
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T12:03:51-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T18:20:03-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-02-17T18:20:03-03:00
Images: [' cropped-logo-r-e1588340545250-2.png ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['encontro estudantil', 'luta estudantil']
Type: article
 Need to struggle in defense of democratic freedoms and against the far-right and counterrevolutionary military coup was highlighted during MV meeting. Photo: Reproduction
On January 28, activists of the Red Mangue Collective(MV)They held the first student meeting of their organization. The event was self -sustained by means of finance campaigns held by the MV and organized by the active activities. During the meeting, the students held a rocky struggles waged by the collective, from the national struggle against teaching to the most basic rights of students at the Pernambuco University University(UFPE). Foram apontadas também as futuras batalhas aserem empreendidas, sobretudo a defesa das liberdades democráticas e a lutacontra a extrema-direita e o golpe militar contrarrevolucionário em curso nopaís. Outras batalhas realizadas pelo povo brasileiro foram exaltadas pelosestudantes, em especial a luta dos camponeses. Como parte disso, os ativistasdo MV também denunciaram o recente massacre de camponeses realizado na ÁreaTiago Campin dos Santos, em Rondônia.
Divulgamos, abaixo, na íntegra, a nota divulgada pelo MV sobre o encontro:
No último sábado (28), the Red Mangue Collective(MV)It realized its 1st student meeting where the activists went to the field to raise their political formation about the student movement and the national political situation. Oevent, performed independently, was the result of the autosustentation of the organization, also with the immeasurable support of teachers compromised with the overcoming of the old manner, seeing the principles of classism and combativity of the accomplishment of the activity in the hands of the collective.
Early in the morning, the red mangrove was organized in commissions for the meeting of the meeting, so students volunteered by ornamentation, cleaning and food work.At the beginning of the activity, every collective stood up to the singing of the struggle peoples worldwide hinodes: to international . Continuing, OMV presented the rules of the event, emphasizing companionship through restricted to mutual respect, as well as discipline during the plenary and approval of narcotics, inviting youth to put from readiness to revolutionary to far-right combat.
The opening table presented the balance of struggles in the year 2022 in the Federal University of Pernambuco, starting from the decisive battles against distinguishing of the distance learning, breaking with all swamp immobilism, understanding it with chief of privatization of the university. The heroicarity of the cuts of funds systematically perpetrated by Bolsonaro's genocide governor, inseparably fighting university daburocracy and every opportunism in the student movement, where Omanga Vermelho strengthened to bring the student struggle to its last, especially in the pedagogy course, head Victoriosabatalha by new drinking fountains installed by facing Bureaucratic Tripleaineance(Rectory-Directorate of the Center of Education-UNE)in its more cruma face.
Students organized in the struggle committees of the Egeoscience Technology Center(CTG)And the Pedagogy course deepened the realized mobilizations, being right in finding that there is no education without struggle. A comparison active by the MV and MFP concluded the opening table reporting that scientific asynthesis of the Marxist ideology understood by the collective was decisive operator to make it see the differential of the organization among student movement.
UFPE students of the most varied courses continued with their lines. Withtodos are the first of their families to enter a public university, they reported the deep hatred they feel for the dehumanization imposed on the students of people - such as the drastic reduction of scholarships, lack of drinking fountains in other centers, lack of inputs in laboratories, termites, censorship, censorship at the Education Center(CE)and the 1000 days of closure of the Ru. Here we highlight the speech of a high school student who greeted the fight in the university uniting her the difficulties also faced in the public schools of Pernambuco, stating: -The struggle transforms reality! ##### Revolution builds the new world 
The present activists tried to extol the already victorious resistance to the League of the Poor Peasants(LCP)Through the Agrarian Revolution and the workers' alliance, throughout the country, building new Brazil.
The red mangrove denounced the criminals executions in the revolutionary area Campin dos Santos in Rondônia, where the poor peasantry comes to pour blood in the struggle for the land. After the debate, everyone put themselves standing in the hymn conquer the earth concluding with the slogans: " is land, it is land for those who work in it!And live now and already the revolution to the same!It is death to the landlord and the bourgeois and live the poderoer and peasant! "
After lunch, the next table began with the songs of anti -fascist hymns Young Guard and Bella Ciao , continuing with a popular democracy exhibition and new democracy published by Fausto Arruda Noand in 2003. The rich debate unfolded -In the national political situation, calling on revolutionary youth to defend democratic freedoms with a combative struggle, applating not only the extremely celected finance of the large bourgeoisie and landlords but also the coup camperevolutionary preventive ongoing ongoing military right command, breaking with any illusion offered by the old state and the opportunistic government government coalition with the right -wing.
The activists highlighted the last note written by the MV entitled " asylusions of the adjuvants of the electoral farce ", putting in all the historical evidence of the democratic-revolutionary current of the popular movement. The student victories obtained in the Pernambuco region has been due since the beginning of the BOOTING The proof and enrollment rates in 2003 - flowing into the free public education gratuity - to the activation of the Popular Revolutionary Student Movement(MEPR)Snivers of 2013 in Recife, with companion Remís Carla in Seufileiras - occupying the Rectory of UFPE in the same year to block the privatization of Hospital das Clínicas and occupying again in 2015 for the student parity - until the emergence of Collective Mangue Vermelho in 2019, continuing The path, the people's students, mobilizing the people of the people against the cuts triggered since the pandemic, pulling with a combative struggle each recent student movement victory.At the twilight, the activity was completed in the final plenary where osstudants elected the coordination of the Red Mangrove Collective and voted their fighting plane with the conviction to further transform universities into a granchi trench of class struggle!
Live the 1st Meeting of the Red Mangue Collective! 
Live the combative student movement! 
Below the opportunism and all immobilism! 
Rebeling is fair! 

More information about the MV collective can be found on its Nail Site: https://manguevermeelho.blogspot.com/ 
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/mangue-vermelho-realiza-primeiro-encontro-estudantil/ 
Live #143 & quot; live on the cry of 3 & quot; - Carnival/Anniversary of Elisa and Homengens to Dominguinhos and Martinho da Vila - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: Thursday, 02/16, at 21h, the Choro Group of 3, interviewed in edition 54 and, performs Live #143, a special carnival live show, along with
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T16:39:03-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-16T16:44:09-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-02-16T16:44:09-03:00
Images: [' BatuqSombrinha-720x468.png ']
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Choro das 3', 'Live 143', 'Quintas ao Vivo']
Type: article
 Thursday, 02/16, at 21h, the group Choro of 3 , interviewed in the edition 54 Do and, performs the live #143 , a special carnival live show, along with the affection of Elisa's anniversary, component of the trio, and tributes a timber composer and instrumentalist Dominguinhos (1941 - 2013), which was instructed in the edition 57 from and, and the singer, composer and writer Martinho da Vila . The group, which has complied with 20 years of career in 2022, is formed by the sisters Corina (flute), Lia (7 string guitar)E ELISA (mandolin), and the event makes part of its project of Lives Shows Weekly Thursdays live with the cry of the 3. 
Below: A live
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/live-143-quintas-ao-vivo-com-o-choro-das-3-carnaval-aniversario-da-elisa-e-homengens-a-dominguinhos-e-martinho-da-vila/ 
Dumatat remontades, walking against Left Dam 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T95:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: More than 300 native Dumagat/Remontado started a march on February 15 to convey their strict opposition to the Left Dam plan. From the coast of the corner, Barangay Catablingan to
Images: [' alay-lakad-itigil-ang-kaliwa-dam-photo-from-inquirer-1024x768.jpeg ']
Categories: ['National Minority', "People's Struggles"]
Type: article
 More than 300 native Dumagat/Remontado started a march on February15 to convey their strict opposition to the Left Dam plan. According to the corner of the corner, Barangay Catablingan in General Nakar, Quezon, traveling to Malacañang in Manila.
Alay-Walks are passing through the towns of General Nakar, Real, Famy, Pililia Ateresa, to Antipolo City, Quezon City, and Manila with a distance of 150 kilometers. Some of the cities mentioned will be covered by a giant dam.
Indigenous peoples and environmental groups insist that Mega Merra Madre has been destroyed as a protection against typhoons Saluzon. More than 1,400 families are remedied in two provinces are affected by the Left Dam.
They insisted on Marcos Jr.'s urgent stopping the TERESA's excavation in Rizal. According to them, the process of consent to the project's consent to the project is not yet over.
According to community leader Conchita Calzado, they will not leave Metromanila until there is no clear answer from Marcos.
On December 12, 2022, the manipulation of the Manila Water SewerageSystem was exposed(MWSS)at National Commission on Indigenous People(NCIP), when they revealed the alleged approval of the Dumagat communities in the project. In condemnation of this MWSS's treachery, indigenous peoples in Quezon City on December 29, 2022.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/mga-dumagat-remontado-naglakbayan-laban-sa-kaliwa-dam/ 
Protest ‘ Black Hearts Day, ’ Launched by health workers 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T96:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Health workers from private and public hospitals went to the Department of Health (DOH) for the protest of ' Black Hearts Day ' In conjunction with Valentine's Day when p
Images: [' black-hearts-day-protest-ahw-photo-from-dzmm-teleradyo-1024x768.jpg ']
Categories: ['Health', 'Workers']
Type: article
 Headed to the Department of Health's office(DOH)Health workers from private and public hospitals for'Black Hearts Day 'Protest on Valentine's Day on February 14. According to the Health Workers(Ahw), they broke the agency to provide them with the benefits they deserved and end their contractualization.
"We have criticized the DOH and the Marcos Jr. administration for continuing to neglect the well -being of health workers," said Nirobert Mendoza, National President of AHW.
He added that their sector is playing a major role of public health Sactor but they are not appreciated. "In fact, the Marcos Jr. administration is even more oppressed as it continues to implement contractualization among the health workers and denying the just and living wages," Mendoza said.
They insist on implementing ₱ 33,000 a month to all government employees and ₱ 1,100 per day to private workers. "This is timely and justified because of the economic crisis… increasing the price of commodities," according to Ernesto Bulanadi, President of Tondo Medicalcenter Employees Association-AHW.
They also called for the regularization of their fellow health workers especially in the public sector. “There are 21,038 vacant plants in the DOH but the agency does not fill it. The staff at public hospitals were lacking. We need regular health workers for better health services, "said Edwin Pacheco, president of the National Kidney and Transplant InstituteEmployees Association-AHW.
According to DOH data in 2022, it had 16, 951 casual employees and9, 947 contractual health workers under HumanResources for Health(HRH). Ayon pa sa AHW, nakatakdang mag-empleyo ang DOH ng26,035 kontraktwal na doktor, nars, kumadrona, dentista at iba pangpropesyunal sa kalusugan sa ilalim ng programang National Health WorkforceSupport nito sa mga kanayunan at malalayong lugar.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/protestang-black-hearts-day-inilunsad-ng-mga-manggagawang-pangkalusugan/ 
Firing “ Military-Grade Laser ” of China on the Filipino ship, condemned 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T97:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-16T07:49:27+00:00
Description: Democrats and progressive groups criticized the aggression and conclusion of & quot; military-grade & quot; Laser by the Chinese Coast Guard (CCG) at a Philippine Coast Guard's maritime vehicle in West Phi
Images: [' chinese-coast-guard-points-laser-to-ph-coast-guard-1024x641.jpeg ']
Categories: ['International', 'Politics']
Type: article
 Democratic and progressive groups criticized the aggression and detention of the Chinese Coast Guard's "military-grade" laser(CCG)In a Philippine Coast Guard's war in the West Philippine Sea in February 6. In connection with this, the Nationalist blocked the House ofrepresentatives filed a resolution to condemn the incident and denounce the Marcos government's delicate response to it.
According to reports, the CCG laser focused on the Philippine maritime vessel as it spun and delivered supply for the Philippine Navyna stationed at Ayungin Shoal in the West Philippine Sea.
At House Resolution No. 781 filed by the National Block, they insist on SaCommittee on Foreign Affairs(external committee)to conduct an investigation into the incident. They noted that to this day it has not been a clear step as to how the issue will be addressed even though Marcos JR meets Chinese Ambassador Huang Xilian.
The resolution also criticized China's argument for its "open aggression" in the West Philippine Sea. According to legislators of the Nationalist, it is a "gaslighting" or blames the Philippines to trigger the facts of the incident.
“We are still entering their territory without the permission of the Ayungin Shoal of our Exclusive Economic Zone. The Chinese vessel's military action is not accepted at its counterpart in the Philippines, ”said Gabriela Womens Party Representative Arlene Brosas.
In addition, it also called on the Marcos administration to issue a "more elegant counter-step" and assert the Sovereign rights of the Philippines to Ayungin Shoal, and push back the background of chinasa warships of the Philippine ocean.
According to Rep. Brosas, it should be urgent to act urgently and recommend the nation of both bilateral and regional levels to address this aggression of China.Hicap further challenges, "The AFP should strengthen its mandate for the sake of the presence ... to protect the national sovereignty. It is not the motivation for the provision, but a call for active defense of our territory from the authorities stated in the Constitution."
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/panunutok-ng-military-grade-laser-ng-china-sa-barkong-pilipino-kinundena/ 
Liquorization of rice liberalization, farmer's pain 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Farmers and other democratic groups protested from Metro Manila, Rizal, Laguna, Batangas and Cavite at the Department of Agriculture in Quezon City on February 14, fourth anniversary
Images: [' kilusang-magbubukid-ng-pilipinas-protest-da-2023.webp ']
Categories: ['Peasants']
Type: article
 Farmers and other democratic groups from MetroManila, Rizal, Laguna, Batangas and Cavite protested at the Department of Agriculture Saquezon City on February 14, the fourth anniversary of the enlargement of the Rice Liberalization Law. Criticized by the peasant movement of the Philippines(KMP), National Federation of Peasant Women and Guardians Builders and neglect of the government.
“A few years after the implementation of rice liberalization, rice prices nationwide, especially in the provinces and regions of rice production. Farmers who have no income during the harvest are more debt in debt, ”said Danilo Ramos, Chairman of the KAKMP.
Since 2019, an estimated ₱ 261 billion has been lost to farmers to enforce liberalization law. Farmers are purchased at a very low cost at a cost of ₱ 13- ₱ 18 per kilogram while their production costs from seed, fertilizer, pesticides and other Farm inputs are huge.
According to Bantay Rice, farmers have lost more than a government tariff of P46.6 billion from 2019-2021.
“What have we been doing for 4 years? The rice remains expensive even when we are in the imported!"According to Cathy Estavillo, a speaker of Barangay Rice. He added that what to do is return ₱ 27 and ₱ 32 kilos of NFA rice to the markets to influence the lowering of the marketplace.
According to them, the country's agriculture has been sinking in the Philippines' reliance on the world's world trade organization-award in agriculture that promotes liberalization.
In the face of this, the groups called for a decline in Marcos Jrb as secretary of the Department of Agriculture who said they were "heartless and numb to the real experience and demand of farmers and produced food."
Farmers are promoting and binding their unity to make a significant support for local production from the government.
Apart from the action in Metro Manila, farming members of the National Alliance in Iloilo City also launched protests. In Legazpi City, farmers are turning around to sign the market and cooperate consumers to abolish rice liberalization.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/batas-sa-liberalisasyon-ng-bigas-pasakit-sa-magsasaka/ 
Gov. Cua and only ruling classs will benefit ₱ 25 million funds for abaca rehabilitation 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-16T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T06:06:46+00:00
Description: The Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) is just an illusion for the rehabilitation of the hemp industry in Catanduanes. A few are controlled by AGR system
Images: [' npa-catanduanes-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ['Peasants']
Type: article
 The Department of Labor Andemployment's Department of Labor Andemployment is just an illusion(DOLE)for the rehabilitation of the hemp Sacatanduanes industry. As long as a few control the agricultural system and indefinite land reform, the Catandungan masses have no hope of benefit. Say this fund will be allocated for accelerating production, as the ruling classes are controlled, led by the supervisor Joseph Joseph Cua, the distribution and hemp market is simply manipulating the price of the farmers to the farmers and will be deployed to the price.
As long as feudal relations with agriculture remain, any freed product and increase in value will only benefit a few and will not enjoy a wide range of producers. Under this system, instead of recovering from the hardships, hemp farmers are only submerged in debt and poverty. The hemp farmers have no choice but to sell their products at the price.
Worse, it is only a well of corruption of those in power that the funds are just for the peasants. The previous regime has long been releasing the government's commitment to the development of the hemp industry. But to this day, there has been no significant change in the level of farmers' livelihood. Instead, the volume of their production is increasingly declining, which is also further diminished.
Nerissa San Juan Command NPA-Catanduanes maintains that the real development of hemp farmers and other peasants depends on having real land reform. And it is only possible to happen in the way of the agrarian revolution - one of the three important elaborations of long -term people's war. Only in the path of the people's democratic relic, which is primarily a peasant war, will have a long -term and significant change that will serve the interests of many farmers in the province and the whole country.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/si-gov-cua-at-mga-naghaharing-uri-lang-ang-makikinabang-sa-%e2%82%b125-milyong-pondo-para-sa-abaca-rehabilitation/ 
PCI (Maoist) 'It is the most favorable moment to develop and consolidate the Indian Revolutionary Solidarity Movement in support of the Popular War worldwide' 
Author: maoistroad
Description: PCI (Maoista) 'It is the most favorable moment to develop and consolidate the Indian Revolutionary Solidarity Movement in support of the ...
Time: 2023-02-17T01:48:00-08:00
Images: []
_ PCI(Maoist) _
_ 'It is the most favorable moment to develop and consolidate the direction of Indian revolutionary solidarity in support of the popular war in the world' _ 
10/100/1000 SUPPORT ACTIONS STARTING FROM/24/25 FEBRUARY DELUCHAS CONDITIONS AGAINST THE IMPERIALIST WAR - Bring these days and in all * actions against war the importance of support for the popular war in India and in the world! 

against corporatization, militarization and Hinduization 
January 11, 2023 will be remembered forever in the history of India Larevolution. In the Indian revolutionary history there had been no before helicopters on our people and revolutionaries in the Chhattisgad Statode, in the jungle of Bastar. Although our PLGA guerrillas [popular liberation guerrilla army] resisted 5 Garuda commands fiercely and a member of the technical staff of the Air Force. This is a great achievement in the new year. On the same day, on the other hand of Jharkhand's state, in the Saaranda jungle, the forces charged the Indian paramilitary forces began a great campaign of combat operations. OUR GUERRILLEROS DEL PLGA Heroically retaliation took seriously to 6 commands. In this brave retaliation we lost one of our beloved gangi guerrilla comrades. Let us pay our fertilizers revolutionary to that martyr. Our CC, the Communist Party of the India(Maoist), calls to condemn these brutal attacks against the indigenous peoples of Bastar and Saaranda and organize concentrations of protest to the Indian embassies on the so -called Republic Day of the India, that is, on January 26 worldwide.On December 11, the Indian Interior Minister held a high -level crucial meeting with Indian intelligence officers in New Delhi and clarified Supple at that meeting. He said the police forces are ready to enter the Maad area of the Narayanpur district, Chhattisgad to take it Bajosu Control.
On January 7, the same Indian Minister of the Interior, Amit Sha, addressed a public meeting in Korba, an industrial center of the state of Chhattisgad. At that meeting he declared that his government will create an Indian free of Maoistantes of the general elections of 2024 Meanwhile, meetings were held at the local level with police officers for a better coordination of state and central forces in the next minimum operations.
Finally, their maoist eradication operations began in the forests of the districts of Sukma, Bijapur and Dantewada, which is the zonacolindante with the state of Telangana. Lansg participated in this great operation(National Security Guards), Gray Hounds, Cobra and other armed forces of the Central Police, together with the Garuda Commands of the Indian Air Force.
Indian ruling classes and their central and state governments were pressed to eliminate the Indian revolutionary movement. Because, it is the main obstacle in its looting and plundering of the country's rich resources. On the other hand, the indigenous peoples of India are fighting for their justivindications. They fight for their legal rights over their forests. They are finding the exploitation of forests. In this context, the most important governments in the center and the State, who work for the benefit of large corporations, are launching new and greater forms of attack against the people. Therefore, our CC [Central Committee] makes a new call to condemn these attacks and lift your voices against the Hindwal forces.AMRUT I/C International Affairs, CC, PCI(Maoist)
News Source: https://maoistroad.blogspot.com/2023/02/pcimaoista-es-el-momento-mas-favorable.html 
CPI (Maoist) Cadres Blow Up Panchayat Office In West Singhbhum District 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T05:51:47+00:00
Update Time: 2023-02-17T15:53:14+00:00
Images: [' dc-Cover-m6jfjnbuag35ag0krcdapmuka0-20191123013446.Medi_-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['CPI (maoist)', 'CPI(maoist)', 'IED', 'India', 'Jharkhand', 'Misir Besra', 'Naxal', 'naxalites', 'naxals', 'Panchayat', 'police', 'PPW in India', 'West Singhbhum District']
Categories: ['India', "People's War"]
 West Singhbhum District, February 17, 2023: A building used as a panchayatoffice was blown up by cadres of the CPI(Maoist)at a village in Jharkhand’sWest Singhbhum district, a police officer said on Friday.
Improvised explosive devices were used for the blast, Superintendent of PoliceAshutosh Shekhar told PTI.
The building was blasted by cadres of the Maoist party at Kadamdiha on theintervening night of Thursday-Friday.
The anti-Maoist operation launched since January 11 in Kolhan area of thedistrict following a tip-off about the presence of top CPI(Maoist)leaders,including Misir Besra, was continuing, the SP said.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/cpi-maoist-cadres-blow-up-panchayat-office-in-west-singhbhum-district/ 
February 24/25 two days of international actions against imperialist war and in support of anti -imperialist struggles and popular wars in the world 
Author: Revolución Obrera
Time: 2023-02-17T08:21:25-05:00
Images: [' RO.501.jpg ']
Tags: ['biden', 'China', 'Estados Unidos', 'guerra en Ucrania', 'guerra imperialista', 'Ucrania']
Categories: ['Movimiento Comunista Internacional']
!February 24/25 two days of international actions against the imperialist war and in support of anti -imperialist struggles and popular wars in the world 1 ](https://www.revolucionobrera.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/RO.501.jpg)Taken from _ Maoist Road _, February 10, 2023
The Communist Party of India(Maoist), the ICSPWI(International Committee to Support for Popular War in India and the new MLMTWO-LINES STRUGGLE International Magazine(Two -line fighting)They call two days of international actions for February 24/25 against the imperialist war, Empayo to the anti -imperialist struggles and popular wars in the world on the lip of this Joint Declaration.
All the forces that participate can make texts and in all countries it is possible


Let's develop the revolutionary struggle against the preparations for imperialist Guerramundial! 
All imperialist countries are proclaimed defenders of freedom, hillside and world peace. All intens to fight against dictatorships and international spelling. But, in reality, they are the worst terrorist dictators of the world. They talk about peace but prepare frantically for unanueva war of global prey. They reinforce the arms industry. Increasesus arsenales. They mobilize huge war machines mainly towards Eastern Eastern. They sponsor the already prolonged wars against the Depacentine, Syria, Yemen peoples. They incite the outbreak of new reactionary wars in the Strait of Taiwan, in the Peninsula of Korea, in the Sea of Chinaoriental, on the border between Ukraine and Belarus, on the maritime border between Greece and Turkey. NATO, commanded by Yankee imperialism, enucrania through the Kiev's puppet regime, faces its market -world armies, their weapons and their military bosses, with Russian delimperial military power. Both parties invent pretexts to use arms. Interimperialist contradictions are exacerbated until the point that a new nuclear World War is no longer an imperialistrate danger, but an imminent risk for the existence of world society and Su Habitat.The world imperialist system, decadent and broken down, in its unidirectional inevitablechamber towards the grave, has downloaded the most and more acute world economic crisis on society, and with it, it has extended and deepened on all continents the social, sanitary and sanitary crises and Environmental For the Imperialist insatiable, laminapolization and accumulation of capital at the expense of the global exploitation of social work, the usual export of financial capital, the destruction of nature, the looting of the oppressed countries, is not enough. The crisis of its system, mainly the economic one, promotes the imperialists to make a new distribution of the world already divided. A new public that can only be achieved by the economic force, the Financiera Force, the Military Force, the Force of the World War among a few imperialist people in decay and others that fight for the hegemonic, as a product of the inexorable economic law of unequal development of the countries Imperialists
But the same economic and social causes that push the imperialists warehouses of prey, become invivible estoparable material conditions for the slaves of capital, material conditions of the albelión of the exploited proletarians, of the peoples, nations and countries approached by the monopolies and The imperialist countries. And international communist almovation corresponds to bring them revolutionary consciousness, organize and transform rebellions into a revolutionary struggle against common elenemeigo: the world capitalist system of oppression and exploitation.
Comrade Mao says that: “World War can explode and, as a consequence, revolutions can occur, or, they can explode upcare and, limiting their strength to resist them, you can impossible impossible to imperialism to undertake another World War, whatever the form in That happens, this is the era of the revolution. ”Imperialist capitalism is in crisis!Long live socialism and community!
Or the revolution stops war or war unleashes the revolution!
Proletarians and peoples of the world, units against imperialism!
Communist Workers Union(mlm)Colombia Committee of Construcción del Communist Party Maoist of Galicia Communist Party Maoist - Italy Communist Party(Maoist)of Afghanistan Communist Party of India(Maoist)Nepal Communist Party(Most)Nepal Communist Party(Maoist-Revolutionary)Red road from Iran(Maoist group)Purba Bangla proletarian party(PBSP/Bangladesh)Swiss Communist Party(Red fraction)They support the Communist Party of Turkey - ML Communist Reorganization - Brazil
News Source: https://www.revolucionobrera.com/internacional/mci/guerra-imperialista-2/ 
PC February 17 - which means declaring themselves 'Maoisti' and being on the other side of the barricade, that of US/NATO/Italy imperialism 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-17T09:03:00+01:00
Images: [' AfUK1zWxfTySAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC ']
A press release 
It is right that Zelensky speaks at the Sanremo Festival 
The prosecutor is strongly in favor of Zelensky's intervention at the Festival we will disanare. The President of the Republic of Ukraine represents a country independent and sovereign attacked and partially invaded by the neo -Nazi warning from the Putin warflower, so Rai did well to allow him to speak at Festival. Cantal fun and information on an event that could be able to coexist in a new world war.
The masked friends or in fact of the Russian imperialism supported by Chinese Chinese, such as Salvini, Dinucci, Rizzo, Acerbo, Vauro, Mattei, Di Battista and De Magistris, I scream, in particular through the "fact" of Travaglio, Conte and Putin, because They do not want the spectators of the festival to know war crimes, especially neiconfronti of civilians, which the new Tsar Putin is making in Ukraine. They are existing their servility towards Putin under the cloak of peace, but Lace can only be obtained with the victory of Ukraine. Just as it happened, in the 70s of the last century, in Vietnam and Cambodia attacked the American imperialism.
Long live the resistance of Ukraine!
_ the PMLI press office _ 
Firenze, 31 January 2023 

A comment 
The one shown above is the text of the delusional Communicatostampa Beded by the self -styled Maoist of the Italian Marxist party Italian Leninist Interaction in the participation of the ... President of the Council in Power Inucraine, Vladimir Aleksandrovic Zelensky.
These "gentlemen" support with all their own - fortunately very limited - the right of the first citizen of the country with capital Kiev to make war of war also during one of the most followed television programs most followed by the Italians.
Not only that, but to go to the dose they heavily insult a whole series of dipersonality, of different political connotations, claiming that there would be a congregation of friends of the son of putin supporters of the special operation.Ever since he settled in power, he has put out fourteen political, trade union and mass organizations related to the traditionist traditional, while among his most avid supporters there are characters - Azov battalion , Centuria , Misanthropic division , Freedom , Sector Settle - openly worshipers of fascismahitlerian.
Bosio(Al), February 17, 2023
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-17-febbraio-che-significa.html 
PC February 17 - The electoral data deny the propaganda of the government and the Meloni party 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-17T09:27:00+01:00
Images: []
FDI collected 
In Lazio 220,000 votes to the regional of 4 March 2018, climbed to 850,000 allypitics of September 25, 2022 but dropped to 550,000 to the regional 2023 
In Lombardy 191.000 in 2018, 1,400,000 to policies of September 25, 2022 descended to 725,000 to the regional 2023. 
- The government coalition
In Lazio he collected 965,000 presidential votes and 923,000 votes of lists(The disjointed vote of the electoral law does not allow to be more precise)2018 ALREGITIAL, Descended to 935,000 presidential votes and 885,000 votes of regional lists 2023; 
In Lombardy he collected 2,793,000 presidential votes and 2,687,000 dilists to the 2018 regional votes, descended to 1,774,000 presidential votes and 1,621,000votes of lists to the regional 2023. 

- The abstentions and the white and null cards
In Lazio, from 1,686,000 to the 2018 regional to 3,028,000 reliefs 2023;
In Lombardy, from 2,268,000 to the 2018 regional to 4,765,000 alregyra 2023 went from 2,268,000.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-17-febbraio-i-dati-elettorali.html 
Voices: A Militant 
Author: strugglesessions
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T10:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-07T02:41:36+00:00
Description: Note: Luke, a former activist within the Dallas-cult, submitted a criticism of Struggle Sessions on March 1st 2022, at a time when head editor Sig Hausner (Liam Swanson, also known as Connor) had a…
Images: []
Categories: article
Type: ['Rebellion']
Note: Luke, a former activist within the Dallas-cult, submitted a criticism ofStruggle Sessions on March 1st 2022, at a time when head editor Sig Hausner(Liam Swanson, also known as Connor)had already abandoned the journal andsome former contributors were struggling over where to go next. This was justa week before the events beginning on IWWD in which the cult was abolished.Luke has also written a foreword to his criticism to shed more light on hisexperience with the cult. Personally reading this criticism was incrediblytransformative to me at an important time, to recognize that I was supportingthe production of misogynistic and transphobic ideas that was connected to amisogynistic and transphobic practice-Rita
ForewordI have to be frank and tell you all that I have not revisited any StruggleSessions articles, or really much theory at all. I have primarily been focusedon understanding why the leaders treated us the ways they did, and why I didnot fight back sooner. I started this learning journey with my understandingthe cult leaders to be revisionists because they did not uphold the mass line.They despised the people, they did not trust their membership, and theyconsidered their own ideas to be the most ideologically pure without takingthe ideas of the people into consideration. Although cult experts generally donot "speak the same language" as those who uphold communism, I found that theywere saying the same thing about cult leaders - cult leaders are narcissistswho cannot tolerate any challenge to their superiority and entitlement. 
Because my focus has not been on relearning theory I cannot speak to how muchI still support the content of my criticism. However, I do still stand by myassertion that Struggle Sessions rarely, if ever, tried answer the questionsthat were the most pertinent in the minds of people who want to see progressin the world. It took me a long time to notice this, partially because I wasmade to believe some of these issues were much bigger than they were, andpartially because I did not want to make waves. I only made this criticism afew weeks before the cult fell apart, after I had been under significantlyless control for over a year. When I read it now, I am shocked to remember howexcited I was to write this and to anticipate a response. If I had tried tomake these criticisms while I still lived in Austin, I would have been soafraid to hear the response. I would expect verbal mistreatment for it. Yet,because of the security culture and dogmatism, this was the sharpestexpression of anger I could take on without being removed entirely. As areader of Struggle Sessions, I could express rage at their failure to takewomens' struggles seriously. Addressing the actual facts about how theymistreated women could only happen in my clandestine reports as a pre-partymember and militant, and my language in those had to be rid of anger,disappointment, and urgency in order to even be heard.I have no more forgiveness for those who have both personally interacted withJared and also know what transpired under his leadership and still uphold hisjoke of a "committee" consisting of his fellow petty tyrants and those veryfew who have chosen loyalty instead of justice. I have no more forgiveness forthe International Communist League that chose to invite his delegate to theirconference after everything was revealed and merely temporarily deny themmembership in the league. Those who gave a damn about what happened havealready shown their support for the former members and have reminded me that Iam entitled to my rage. I have realized that I was foolish to think that Icould ever make these people understand how they hurt us - by the time theorganization had to cannibalize itself to end the mistreatment, anypossibility for rectification had disappeared.
Over the years, I have lost track of how many times, and in how many ways, Iripped my heart out of my chest, and timidly turned it over to Jared or Chrisor others for their consideration. Almost every time, it was met with silence,"it's not a good time for this," or "you're wrong." I am done. Anyone whoclaims to want to understand has had their opportunity. I encourage any otherformer member that is still trying to be heard to believe others when theytell you who they are the first time. The ICL chose a lunatic over the dozensJared personally mistreated and the hundreds he manipulated into believing inhim.I wrote the criticism below as a last ditch effort to get the leadership tohear me. In 2021 I had several interactions with Liam, the last leading memberof Struggle Sessions, that made me see him as yet another problem element inthe leadership promoting misogyny. I could not detail those incidents in thiscriticism due to our security culture. I do not believe he ever read this, ashe had effectively abandoned his post months beforehand.
In the very last thing I wrote before waking up from the cult's influence, Iwas trying to explain why I found it so essential to combat the internalissues immediately, even at the expense of any and all other work. I said, "Domembers have an understanding of how shame works? Like would they come to [themass organizations] about the most severe aspects of their backwards thinking?Do they think [the mass organizations] could solve it? Do they think [the massorganizations are] responsible for helping them solve it?" I am proud ofmyself for trying to argue for this, but I can see now how hopeless of a causeit was.
At the time, I thought I was telling the leaders to take the log out of theireyes before trying to take the splinters out of the eyes of others. I wantedthem to make a realistic assessment of themselves and the people they wereattracting to the cult. In reality, the leaders' eyes had been gouged out longago by their wrongdoings. They are walking around the world totally blind toreality. They are insisting they can see perfectly and that if the rest of us"knew what was good for us" we would allow them to perform ocular surgery onus. If they think my assessment is unfair, I dare them to come out of theshadows, out of the no-visibility gutters they are doing graffiti in like thecowards they are, to tell the world why their abuse was correct.
Lastly, I wish everyone who left the cult, or has been watching us from thesidelines, the best of luck in whatever it is you are all doing now. I havefaith that we will all be more and more able to recognize and combat undueinfluence as time passes and we seek to understand ourselves and the cultbetter. I have faith that the further away we get from the cult's influence,the closer we will be to the majority of people of the world.

Email: A CriticismMy criticisms are a long time coming, and maybe I should have sent them closerto the initial call, but later is better than never, and I think I have abetter grasp on my criticisms now anyways. 
Browsing through the website is disheartening, now that I have a better graspon my criticisms. The recent content on Chairman Gonzalo, mostly reprints, isgood. The rest… Jacobin? Sakai? Peterson? Do you think the masses payattention to them? Even when they do, do you think they really give them somuch weight as to merit a response? Are you writing this for them or becauseyou want to see a Settlers fan squirm? I once had a manager that wasinterested in Peterson, and he was much more interested in what I had to sayabout the origin of the family than anything Peterson said. He treatedPeterson like food for thought, he treated what I said about women'soppression like I had just answered a million and one questions for him. Andthis was just from a simple conversation when he wondered out loud why menwere still treating me poorly in our industry. He didn't need to be toldPeterson was wrong about Marxism. HE JUST NEEDED MARXISM.
I do not assert that the above mentioned articles contain incorrect lines, nordo I think they are totally useless. I have learned things from them. But Iwonder why these were given attention and not other subjects - nothing that Icould present to my family members as something they would be interested inand understand without significant background study. And they are even pettybourgeois liberals - yet there is Struggle Sessions content, few and farbetween as they may be, that I can and have referenced in politicalconversation with them, and have them actually engage with and come to supportthese lines more. So I know you are capable of making content that is relevantto the masses. Somewhere the focus shifted.
The two articles I reference most are "Race, Class, and Stratification" and"Political Economy and Prostitution." They have answered more questions foractivists and masses I've known than any other of your articles. They aredifficult reads, but not impossible when studied together. They also refuteprevailing postmodernist lines that the activists hold onto, without seemingas if these activists are the only audience. They directly attack thesuperstructure. This should be the target of your criticisms, the bourgeoisieas a whole and its superstructure. Not academics that the vast majority ofpeople could not put a face to on any given day.Do you not see this as the more pressing matter or are you just unaware of howyou can build upon the criticisms of monogamy that have already been made? Ican think of several ways; with porn more popular than ever, women not onlyhave to accept that their husbands will likely cheat on them, they now have toaccept that the cheating will happen in their bed, in front of them, at theexpense of trafficked women, and that as his wife she may be coerced intoparticipating. Women are now, on the whole, workers but not a single thing hashappened to relieve them of child care. Women are being abused, raped, andkilled by their monogamous partners at the same rate they always have been,but now because there are meager resources for her, and the vast majority ofpeople agree she should not have to endure that and is allowed to leave, nowshe gets blamed for staying when she feels trapped!And you have skated overthese issues that are pressing NOW and merely said our relationships will bebetter under socialism.
In regards to polyamory, hookup culture, etc, and what you DID say in thearticle - you still treated the issue as if men and women are on the sameplaying field here. Maybe talk to a few(more)women, just a suggestion!WomenKNOW they are getting the lesser hand in this setup, you still don't talkabout that!You don't talk about how many women WANT monogamy but feel likethey have to have casual sex in order to keep partners interested!You don'ttalk about the women who have agreed under coercion to open relationships,where her potential extra partners(if any)are limited to specific people orother women, and he is free to do what he wants with anyone - just a morebald-faced version of the old monogamy!You don't mention that promiscuity isdespised in women, but celebrated in men, even while men are harassing everysingle woman to put out!How could anyone write about sexuality and not give consideration to theparticular ways it affects women? I have no answer besides that it ischauvinism. When I was even a liberal I had higher expectations for analysison this issue than what the article provided.
Onto "Bourgeois Culture." I like this article. The one point of contentionthat many readers had was putting "non-binary" in quotes. On the first read, Iskimmed over this. Now it reads like a dog whistle. "We think this is anti-materialist, but we will wait for someone to be outraged before we botherexplaining!" Was the point to name the inclusion of this identity as a meredistraction, or was the point to say it is a false idea that needs to beattacked? Choose one or both and make your point!But this is really minorcompared to the response - I can understand not wanting to give weight to thisidentity by just listing it with other groups of people, but at the same timenot wanting to distract from the article with explaining why this was done.
As for the response. I think it is good up until this point, where manyreaders found their first point of attack:
"The facts of biological reproduction and the oppression of women rooted inprivate property divide society into men and women. While biologicalreproduction is the basis, which is reflected for instance in the struggleover reproductive rights, humans are primarily social animals and so socialrelationships conditioned by class society are primarily determinate on sexand sexuality. Hence homosexuality and transition to the social role of theopposite sex has an objective existence that is conditioned by the historicaldevelopment of society."
This is a good understanding - expect that it does not provide an explanationas to when, and why, there have occasionally been third sex categories, thatare not explained well by transgenderism in at least a few cases. Those whosupport a nonbinary identity have not grasped that self categorization is notwhat created these minor, external roles. This would be simple to haveexplained. I'm not sure if you did not investigate this, or considered theseexceptions minor enough to not mention. The latter would tell me that you havealso not investigated the ways in which proponents of the nonbinary-as-material-reality line attempt to support their claims.
"It argues that one can escape the contradiction between men and women at anindividual level through personal feeling and superficial changes inpresentation."You continue to focus on identity and superficial changes while not addressinghow this is different from trans people. Are you aware that many peopleidentifying as nonbinary claim to experience physical dysphoria, and some ofthem pursue medical transition? How does merely attacking the identity resolvetheir personal crisis, if you don't go into explaining what creates dysphoria,what it is exactly that makes someone trans, and by what means, in whatmoment, does someone change from man to woman, or vice versa? I do not know ifyou are presently capable of grasping this either, and I wonder if that is whyyou did not get into it, because how can we understand trans people besides inrelation to men, women, and the oppression of women? And as I have said above,I don't think you have done all you can to grasp the women's question.
I have told a few people, those who are trying to write an opposing line ongender, that they shouldn't bother until they can prove they have fullygrasped the women's question. And I would say the same to you. I would lovenothing more than to have others unite with me on what exactly makes me trans.But please do not bother. You should have never attempted to begin with, youshouldn't until you understand women. We all agree I am not the importantdemographic here. I really feel that you gave in to a very loud minority.
"LGBT people are not a distinct social force and do not have a decisive rolein politics as such. Imperialism does not depend on the discrimination of LGBTpeople, and today ‘pink-washes’ itself by giving LGBT people a large degree oflegal equality in order to create a false image of progressivism—theproductive forces are developed enough in the imperialist countries thatcapitalism has lost its pressing need to reproduce the oppressed class as notevery family needs to produce children to maintain a socially-necessaryproletarian population."
I believe I agree with this, but it does not give answers to the people whoare wondering why there is an attack on trans people, specifically children,right now. My understanding are that these attacks are for the sake of thesuperstructure, not for the sake of maintaining the family unit, but I havenot developed my thoughts beyond this. Stating that LGBT people have morerights now does not satisfy the need to understand the attacks that happenregardless, regardless of our new rights and regardless of the fact that weare not a distinct social force.This is still not useful. You have not allowed yourself to imagine a newworld. You have not given a way for readers to begin to understand theirrelationships in a more progressive way. And you have not demonstrated thatyou understand how any of these things affect women specifically.
I want to point out a few things in the 2021 New Years Statement lastly. Ihave mainly looked to criticize the past year of articles, and present the twomain points: that you do not understand what the masses are clamoring to hear,and you do not understand the oppression of women. In the New Years Statementyou say:
"We take up our post against all sorts of incorrect ideas generated within thecontext of the class struggle which serve the ruling class and which harm theproletariat in its struggle,"
Is this what you have done? Do you have your ear among the people or do youhave it among the liberal protest movement, or maybe even among the dwaddlerson reddit and twitter? Did I miss some moment where the masses were gatheringaround the dinner table to talk about Jordan Peterson's all-meat diet or DemiLovato coming out as nonbinary? Are these really the most dangerous andenticing ideas being offered to the masses in order to quell them?
The majority of goals for physical copies, paywalled articles, etc outlined inthe last section of the New Year statement have not been met. You changededitors and immediately switched over to being concerned with the form, notthe political lines, not the usefulness, not the ability to defend your lines.And so you could not do all that you wanted. You're treating it like a blog.If you have not yet, I suggest you make copies of the "greatest hits" and themost criticized articles and survey the masses on what they find useful oreven have the barest of interest in based on your description of them. I admitI have not tried this but I certainly do pick and choose carefully what Isuggest others read after I have studied one of your pieces with them.Luke, reader and activist
Advertisement
News Source: https://struggle-sessions.com/2023/02/17/voices-a-militant/ 
València: Solidarity with the current of the Red Sun and the Mexican people 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T10:02:24+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T10:02:24+00:00
Description: Throughout this week revolutionaries have carried out different actions of international solidarity and antirepression in the neighborhood of Patraix, focusing on the current of the Red and E… E ...
Images: [' img_4185.cleaned-1.jpg ', ' img_4188.cleaned.jpg ']
Type: article
02/17/2023
Throughout this week, revolutionaries have carried out different international deolidarity and anti -pressure actions in the neighborhood of Patraix, focusing on the current of the Red Sun People and on the struggle of the Mexican people.
  Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/02/17/valencia-solidaridad-con-la-corriente-del-pueblo-sol-rojo-y-el-pueblo-mexicano/ 
PC February 17 - The working and wage condition, which is always worse in official data 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-17T10:04:00+01:00
Images: []
INAPP, Occupation: "Extraordinary unpaid for a worker out of six.ma is the tip of the iceberg: half of the employees works at Oreriantisociali " 
FADDA: " The problem in general invests the regulation of ramper times. There is a risk of eroding and significantly distorting the dismissed needs. It is urgent to start a serious reflection on the eart -articulation organization of the working time, but also on his quantity edistribution. " 
Rome, 10 February 2023 - One in six employee worker(15,9%)unpaid fastraordinaries. A worrying figure, if we consider that Glistordinari interest six employed out of ten(60%), mostly men(64.7% against 54.1% of women). Le motivazioni sono di vario tipo: nella
maggior parte dei casi (51,2%)For excessive workloads or dural deficiency, in 18.4% to earn more. Then there is 8.1% who declares Dinon to be able to refuse.
It is one of the phenomena detected by the Inapp Plus investigation( Participation, Labour,Unemployment Survey ), which involved 45,000 individuals from 18 to 74 years old, he concluded in 2022, whose final report will be presented to the institute's headquarters soon.
The problem of the extraordinary, however, is inscribed in the more generally theme regulation of life and work times that see a data of the employee emerge: about half of the employees carry out their activity at hourly hours could be defined as antisocial. Specifically, 18.6% of the deidnts work sia at night that on holidays (about 3.2 million people), 9.1% also on Saturdays and holidays(but not the night), while 19.3% and The night(but not on Saturday or holidays). Gli uomini sperimentanodi più sia il solo lavoro notturno, sia quello svolto sia di notte che neifestivi; le donne, invece sono impegnate più il sabato o nei festivi.
"Spesso la domanda di lavoro richiede disponibilità che confliggono con leesigenze di vita - ha dichiarato il professor Sebastiano Fadda, presidentedell'Inapp - È vero che per alcuni settori economici, come il commercio o lasanità, e per alcune professioni, come quelle dei servizi, il lavoro notturnoo nei festivi è connaturato alla natura della prestazione, ma è anche vero chequesta modalità sembra diffondersi anche dove non è strettamente necessaria. Èurgente avviare una seria riflessione sull'organizzazione e articolazione deltempo di lavoro, ma anche sulla sua quantità e distribuzione".
"While elsewhere we are discussed, and you start experiments, of reduced time short host - Punctuated Fadda - in our country they still remain dasing old work organization models that heavily affect life times. The world of work is increasingly digital, faster , inconstant evolution, but for most of the "traditional" workers, still unresolved problems on the level of the distribution of the hourly work. The permanence of uses and habits of the past often often prevails on finding balanced organizational solutions, both in terms of adding where necessary, and and In terms of lightening of the weight of hours of hours in general, which allow a sustainable balance between work and private-social life in the perspective of "work, and yet, the combination of new technologies, high skills both organizational organizational models should generate levels of productivity they do not make you need "inhuman" work of work, but guaranteed quality: well paid, protected, with high productivity ".
Moreover, always according to the report, a certain rigidity is also recorded in front of the permits: 21.3% of employed(about 4.7 million)Declare you cannot or not want to take permissions for personal reasons, 54.8% can be able to modulate them and the remaining 23.9% can modulate work commitment. Men's greater autonomy, while for women the pressure of context that disincentive the use of permits is highlighted. And they are above all gliautonomas that carry out their activity in a condition of Para -ubordination to declare that in their own work contexts or no permits are expected to be well seen to take them.
Then there is the other side of the medal, that of the consistent altitude disagreements, or employed that would like to work a greater number of diorship than those actually carried out. This unduoring is more of women - also for the greater concentration of the component female in part -time - among the workers with low study qualifications, between irescents in the north -west and south and islands and for those who carry out their own activity in small companies dimensions.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-17-febbraio-la-condizione-lavorativa.html 
PC February 17 - Naples - unemployed in struggle and repression of state - information and solidarity 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-17T10:06:00+01:00
Images: [' napoli-polizia-contro-disoccupati.jpg ']
 JUST HANDS from the unemployed and the unemployed! 
We learn, since there are many companions in the square, of what is now being in Naples. Even today, further unmotivated postponements have turned on the deidisoccupa anger. Clashes, parades, blocks and displaced actions have raised laterals from the morning throughout the city center.
They will speak of violence of the unemployed, the reality is that violence is institutional. Several wounded among the unemployed and the unemployed and now IlMovimento has returned under San Giacomo.
The struggle of the organized unemployed denounces wages from hunger, ladisoccupation, cutting the citizenship income and the increase in expenditure and privileges for a few. In the meantime, it clearly indicates the resources, training and work projects in the perspective of tieing the salary with the demanding and urgencies of our class.
We support, as always, without if and without but, the heroic tireless struggle of the change.
Movement of struggle - unemployed "7novembre" 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-17-febbraio-napoli-disoccupati-in.html 
València: Actions against police infiltrations in social movements 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T10:10:32+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T10:10:32+00:00
Description: Within the framework of actions during the last week of the revolutionaries in Valencia, apart from the internationalist solidarity with the current of the Red Sun People in Mexico, a pint was made ...
Images: [' definitiva.cleaned-1.jpg ', ' definitiva2.cleaned-1.jpg ', ' definitiva3.cleaned-1.jpg ', ' img_4195.cleaned.jpg ']
Type: article
02/17/2023
Within the framework of actions during the last week of the Revolutionaries Enlamp, apart from the Internationalist Solidarity With the corner of the Red Sol town in Mexico, a graffiti was made by denouncing the infiltrations of the repressive forces of the Spanish State in the social movements of Catalonia and Valencià country. It was also attended to lamovilization against the same fact, reporting that activists have disseminated the period "serve the people" and have been able to discuss their political positioning with the attendees.
    Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/02/17/valencia-acciones-contra-las-infiltraciones-policiales-en-los-movimientos-sociales/ 
PC February 17 - Italian soldiers in#8217; Europe of#8217; Est. 1,500 ready for war with Russia - a useful and documented contribution 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-17T10:16:00+01:00
Images: [' Italiani-in-Lettonia4.jpg ', ' Italiani-in-Lettonia2.png ', ' Italiani-in-Lettonia3.jpg ', ' Italiani-in-Lettonia2-1.png ', ' soldati-italiani.png ', ' soldati-italiani2.png ', ' Mazzeo.jpg ']
(part 1) Antonio Mazzeo | 10 Jan 2023 
 by Antonio Mazzeo *
(The images of Italian troops and vehicles in Latvia are diesecito.difesa.it) 
_ Foreign APPLE, 10 January 2023_ - In less than a year, the number of Italian soldiers lined up in Eastern Europe with Ukrainian, Russia and Belarus has increased by five, the number of Italian military. On the 7,000 actually employed in international missions almost 1,500 operate in the field born in the "containment" of the Russian Armed Forces. Starting in 2014, Alleanzaatlantica gave birth to a war escalation on the east side as never before in its history In the Baltic republics, in Poland, Romania, Bulgaria and Hungary, large terrestrial, aerial and naval installations were created, the most advanced war technologies have been transferred, the strategies of global conflicts of the 21st century have been tested with the use of drones and entirely automated weapons, enuclear cyber-spatial.
Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine of 24 February 2022, the trial rearm and militarization of Eastern Europe is dangerously dilated and still appears unstoppable today. And Italy is there with its troops, the emergency brigades, the Obici, the tanks and icacciabombardieri "Death Jewels" of the military-industrialnactional complex and foreign partners-partners, first 
 We try to tell who the Italian departments are sent by sending an irresponsible political and government class as topolino apprentestregone . The largest component is the terrestrial one: today there is inhlectonia, Hungary and Bulgaria, framed inside the NATO quick intervention forces, the so -called battlegroup , groups. "In front of a deteriorated perception of safety and following a specific request made by the Baltic countries and Poland, Alsummit of Warsaw in July 2016, NATO considered it appropriate to strengthen the premium presence on the east side of the Euro-Atlantic space, wandering unaamy of enhanced Forward Present (eFP)which contemplates the deployment ofquattro battle Group respectively in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania Eipolonia, supported by the other allies ", recalls the General Staff of the ADIFESA." EFP is a measure of a defensive nature, proportionate and fully inline with the international commitment of NATO who intends to strengthen the reprint of the deterrence of the alliance. In particular, having strengthened lapresenza on the east side represents a clear example of the determination of the primary collective security mission of the Euro-Atlantic integrity against any possible aggression and threat, as well as the reaffirmation of cohesion and solidarity between the villages ".(1)The version of the NATO Generaldella Command is less sweetened and more realistic. "These Battlegroups are multinational and ready for Combattoe demonstrate the strength of the transatlantic bond", explain the verticidlies. "They operate together with the defense forces of the host country, conducting exercises and supervisory activities. Their presence rendezes that an attack on one of the allies will be considered an attack on the entire alliance. Battlegroups are part of the largest reinforcement of NATO collective building From a generation this part ".(2)
Italians in Latvia 
All the operational and training activities conducted by the ArmedItalia on the Eastern NATO Eastern Forces are arranged by the head of Statomaggiore della Defense and are coordinated by the Operational Command of Vertex Interforze(Covi), established - certainly not casually - in July 2021 perrtimodular national military architecture and "embrace the concept of themults -dominated, terrestrial, maritime, plane, spatial and cyber".(4)Commander of the Covi is the gen. Francesco Paolo son , the padre-alpine to cook large powers in socio-health management and post emergency from Covid19.
The Italian army has been working uninterruptedly for almost a two -year period inside Battlegroup born in Latvia( EFP Baltic Guardian ), the one that includes the largest number of participating nations: in addition to Aitalia and Latvia there are Canada, Albania, Czech Republic, Iceland, Montenegro, Northern Macedonia, Poland, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain. Actually the national contingent employed is 250 belongings belonging Bersaglieri Brigade "Garibaldi" stationed in Campania and other assets from the 17th "Sforzesca" artillery artillery regiment(Sabaudia), from 132 ° tank regiment(Cordenons, Pordenone), from the 7th "Cremona" Defense Regiment(Civitavecchia), from the 3rd mountain artillery regiment(Of mapcco, UDINE)and from the 11th transmissions regiment(Civitavecchia).Ingente è il numero di mezzi nella disponibilità di questi reparti: 139 traveicoli da combattimento "Dardo", carri armati "Ariete" e blindo "Centauro".
 Always in June the "Taurinense" Alpine troops were used in close air support inactivity( Close air Support )Out of the borders of Lettonia: in Estonia with the "Furious Wolf" exercise( lupofurious ), _ jointly to the Battlegroup lined up there and the hunting of the hunt in the Baltic; In Slovenia with "Adriatic Strike 22", aerial cooperation exercises that involved 28 countries of the alliance. Immediately after arriving in Latvia in mid -June, the "Garibaldi" brigade trained individual altitude and with the "Dardo", "Centaur" and "Aries" means. "Furthermore, as part of the initiatives aimed at showing NATO lapresenza in Latvia, several static exhibitions have been carried out and materials in favor of the population but also of the students of the National Defense Academy Latvian", adds the Army General Staff, emphasizing the role of their departments as ambassadors-weapons of weapons _Made in Italy. 
In the height of summer the "Rampart Forge" multinational exercise was held( Forgia of the bastion ) With the aim of "consolidating the state of readiness and increase the combat capabilities of units on a compartmentally compartmental land". A "cell" for the cyberneticadist war in Latvia from the Interforce Command for the operations on the network(COR)of Rome has conducted Cyber operations with its partners in order to "detect, contrast and neutralize threats that can limit the freedom of maneuveranel cybernetic domain". At the end of August, the contingent of the "Garibaldi" Haerison with the Army of the United States of America, Spain and Latviaun'Ecutation of terrestrial and plane combat with the use of attack by attack Bell Ah-1 "Cobra" and Uh-1 "Iroquois Huey".
 
From 28 October to 2 November the Italian Army has been engaged inhlettonic in a fireal exercise on sea targets jointly allostanding born Maritime Group 1(SNMG-1), Naval Group of Pronto Interventocon of War Unit of the Marine of Denmark, Norway and Netherlands, the attempt to "increase the mutual knowledge between terrestrial forces and Navalidella born on the east side", as well as the press office of the ADIFESA. "Iron spear"( As of iron )It was the training activity of mid -November planned and directed by the contingentitaliano, which was attended by the armored and armored units from12 allied contingents stationed in the Baltic countries. "It was a realmostraction of the fire, night and daytime power, of all the means of means of course(…)With assessment of both the precision and the time of the time of the maneuvers ", explains the Army the General Staff. The Italian contingent have edited a course for the staff belonging to the Battlegroupnato in a series of gymnastic activities in the sports areas of Campi Adazi. "aimed at showing the effectiveness of the Italian individual military fighting of the Italian military combat in a contextual context( MCM Academy )" of white weapons and "percussion combinations aimed at counteracting the forzenemics in opposition, with fast reaction times and disadvantaged conditions". "The instructors - adds the General Staff - highlighted the psychological FortaComonontonent who involves the military fighter, analyzing the main techniques of stress management, implementing a force of force in adherence to the concept of force escalation ".(5) (Fineparte 1).
NOTE E LINK 
1 https://www.difesa.it/OperazioniMilitari/op_intern_corso/Lettonia_Operazione_Enhanced_Forward_Presence_Baltic_Guardian/Pagine/default.aspx 
2 https://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_208439.htm 
3 https://www.difesa.it/OperazioniMilitari/op_intern_corso/Operazione_eVA_Ungheria/Pagine/default.aspx 
4 https://www.difesa.it/SMD_/COVI/Pagine/default.aspx 
(Part 2) 
 by Antonio Mazzeo *
Foreign pages, 11 January 2023 - in August 2022 Italy - together with the Hungarian, Croatian and American army - has joined the new war battalion activated by NATO in Hungary to "strengthen the" anti- Russia in the south-eastern side. "The Enhanced Vigilance Activity operation(eVA )In Hungary it is a measurement of a defensive nature, proportionate and fully in line with the commitment of NATO ", notes the General Staff." With the adhesion of the initiative, after the expected parliamentary processive process, the Siconferry Italy among the main contributors' countries , in terms of men, Erisarse means, to strengthen the posture of deterrence and defense of NATO sulfianco east ".(1) To cannon in the Hungarian Puszta 
The maximum annual consistency authorized for the contingent in Hungary is a dicerca 250 unit of the army; It is composed - once again - dapersonal of the "Taurinense" Alpine Brigade, in particular of the 3rd regimentalpini, reinforced by components of the 1st Terrestrial Artillery Regiment Damontagna, of the 1st "Nice Cavalry" Regiment and of the 32nd genioguastators regiment, beyond to a military police nucleus of the 1st "Tuscania" paratrooper reggimentocarabinieri. Numerous tactical vehicles supplied, from the "Centauro" blind to the VTMM(Multural Middle Tactical vehicles), AI VTLM(Multural light tactical vehicles)and to the BV206(Tactical vehicles with high -emotibility)typical of alpine troops. To complete the powerful devicebellic device there are also the weapon systems supplied to the artillery units, such as the FH70 Oblici, the 120mm "Thomson" mortars and the "spike" generation counter -color systems with long -range missiles produced by the Companylyian company Rafael Ltd .. "All the departments involved in the operation evaporates from an intense training cycle that saw them participate, solonel'Ad last semester, in the Volpe Bianca 22 exercises in the upper Val Disusa, Cold Response 22 in Norway, Maurin 22 in the 'in Alta Valle Maira and Candelo22 in Baraggia Biellese, not to mention the continuous training splendor to live, move and fight in the mountains ", reports the Army General Staff with Bellica Malcelataenfasi.During the first week of September, the Italian contingent has two different training activities at the same time: the exercise for the opposite named "Patrol Storm"(storm patrol) To "combine" the skills of fire and "acquisition of enemy objectives inhabit the environmental condition"; and "Fire Observer Concentration" Persontardize the procedures for the observation, request and management of terrestrial "disburseable by means of an enchanted artillery systems". Immediately after the Alpini underwent four days of shooting, daytime and night and "under stress", individual and department co -ward at the Hungarian polygon of Ujmajor.
At the end of September, in the extensive Hungarian training area of Varpalota, it is turnaround instead "Brave Warrior"(valiant warrior) For the validation of the Battlegroup and its passage under the NATO command. The contingents of Hungary, the United States, Croatia Eslovakia also participated in "Brave Warrior", for a total force of over 1,200 soldiers and 300 between ruling, armored and artillery. Guests and observers "excellent" to the great maneuvers the NATO military leaders, the commander of the JointForce Command born in Brussum, gen. Guglielmo Luigi Miglietta and the commander of the Interforze Covi Interforze, Gen. Francesco Paolo son. "allow me to say that it is a personal pride to see you engage in this collective Alpine tree of the Taurinense brigade, units that I had the princely to drive between 2010 and 2011," said son the conclusive underground of the War Games. "It is no coincidence that in a mission like this has been chosen a unity of the troops Alpinel'Arcito, proof of the versatility and resilience of a body that written glorious pages of national and military history, with an employment goes from the desert To the mountain and arctic territories, to which we are more voted, up to the Hungarian plain. Furthermore, you are bearers of those who are the same values of NATO, values that enhance cohesion and solidarity that make you a bulwark in defense of democracy e of freedom ".(2)
On 29 October 2022 the Military Medical Personnel of the Alpini trained themselves trained in Campo Croft Area to the rescue in the "first line" jointly with Croatian and US army(Combat Medic Concentration). "Fondamentale, per i soccorritori militari, la conoscenza delle corretteprocedure mediche, oltre che la capacità di operare con lucidità mentale anchein condizioni di elevato stress fisico, dovuto dal peso dell'equipaggiamento edell'armamento in dotazione, nonché psicologico, derivante dall'impattoemotivo del ferimento, in questo caso simulato, di elementi della propriaunità", spiega l'Esercito. "Numerosi gli scenari di fronte ai quali si sonotrovati ad operare i soccorritori, dagli scontri a fuoco con la presenza diferiti da colpi di armi leggere fino all'esplosione di ordigni quali mine erazzi controcarro a danno degli equipaggi dei veicoli".
Novembre è ricordato per l'esercitazione a fuoco con obici e mortai "NobleStrike" (noble shot), oriented to the "forced of active and passived obstacles by the enemy(mined and reticulated fields)For the following assault, fortified apostations "and for" Noble Freedom ", an" offensive "training operation with the participation of over 500 units and 100 war vehicles. The staff of the 3rd Alpine Regiment conducted two weeks in December diadded to" Combat in " Urbanized areas "at the Command of the25th armored brigade of the Hungarian army, located in the city of Tata. IL2022 ended with the" Noble Defender "exercise also an orientated urban war oriented and in particular" to the taking of a housing center occupied forces forces enemies with the presence in the area of both non -mutant civil staff and explosive traps located by the opponent ".
 
 Antonio Mazzeoè an ecopacifista and anti -militarist journalist who writes of the militarization of the territory and the protection of human rights. Conantonello Mangano, he published in 2006, The monster on the strait. Seven reasons for building the bridge (Edizioni Punto L, Ragusa). Del2010 è il suo I Padrini del Ponte. Affari di mafia sullo stretto di Messina (Alegre editions). 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-17-febbraio-soldati-italiani.html 
280 residents are evacuated from the Bellahøj houses 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T16:10:15+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T16:10:15+00:00
Description: In the light of the storm baptized "Otto" 's rage across the country, 280 residents are evacuated on Friday from a proletarian neighborhood in Bellahøj from the high -rise buildings "Bellahøj houses". The decision has been made by Housing…
Images: [' 24348972-bellahjhusene-2023021711004.jpeg ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
In the light of the storm baptized "Otto" 's rage across the country, 280 residents Friday are evacuated from a proletarian neighborhood in Bellahøj from the high -rise buildings "Bellahøjhusene". The decision has been made by the housing company Copenhagen's public housing(Lines). Begrundelsen er at stormens styrke vil bringe bygningernes stabilitetud over det kritiske punkt, og en reel risiko for at bygningerne kollaperunder stormen vil opstå.
 The masses in the neighborhood have been encouraged to evacuate the buildings last Friday at. 18 while being transported to a hotel with buses by KAB. Folkes have been encouraged to pack the most needed things only.
This situation has created turmoil and a chaotic situation in the neighborhood, where multi -child families, and people who also have work on the weekend, have to temporarily pack their Tingog.
The threat level of the storm has been elevated by DMI if 'forecasts indicate the atstorm becomes the most powerful in many years.
The Bellahøj houses buildings have a construction defect which means that they do not tolerate mean wind of more than 11-12 meters per second.
The Bellahøj houses were built in the 1950s. As a larger welfare project The AF -Valms of Housing in the 1950s, the buildings were erected in an experiment, inspired by the socialist Soviet Union, on creating cheap and accessible housing for the work class, which increasingly moved towards Copenhagen. The buildings became a symbol in their minds. Some of the concessions made the bayooisie to the proletariat, in the form of the welfare state, fought the offender class.
Now the 10 high -rise buildings are owned by 4 different housing organizations. These 4 housing organizations discovered in connection with renovations of the facades, as part of a campaign to raise the rent of proletariat housing, that there are errors in the old engineering calculations that are the basic of the construction of the buildings.
Now, also due to climate change, expressed in several storms, buildings must be renovated in -depth.
In temporary, residents must be evacuated each time that the mean wind reaches a speed of over 11-12 meters per second.
The residents have been told that they can get their homes back when the renovations have been completed, but whether the rent becomes the same is not safe.Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/02/17/280-beboere-evakueres-fra-bellahojhusene/ 
" Sombrinha invites Wanderley Monteiro & Quot; - Samba Wheel Online - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: The Batuq Casa do Samba bar has been performing a face -to -face show series and made them available on its YouTube channel. Among them is the samba wheel
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T16:42:48-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T16:42:52-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-02-17T16:42:52-03:00
Images: [' ChoroDasTres16Fev.png ']
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Batuq Casa do Samba', 'Roda', 'Sombrinha', 'Youtube']
Type: article
 Bar Batuq Casa do Samba has been performing a series of presential show edisponibilized them on your YouTube channel. Among them is the Wheel Desamba Sombrinha invites Wanderley Monteiro , with the singers, instrumental composers Sombinha , interviewed in the edition 54 From and, and Wanderley Monteiro .
Address of Batuq Casa do Samba: Rua Belizário Pena, 1141, Penha, Rio de Janeiro/RJ.
Below: the video
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/sombrinha-convida-wanderley-monteiro-roda-de-samba-online/ 
International: February 24/25 two days of international actions against imperialist war and in support of anti -imperialist struggles and popular wars in the world 
Author: dazibao rojo
Description: By working revolution · 2023-02-17 taken from Maoist Road, February 10, 2023 the Communist Party of India (Maoist), the ICSPWI ...
Time: 2023-02-17T16:58:00+01:00
Images: [' RO.501.jpg ']
By Workers Revolution * 2023-02-17
!February 24/25 two days of international actions against the imperialist war and in support of anti -imperialist struggles and popular wars in the world 1 ](https://www.revolucionobrera.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/RO.501.jpg)Taken from _ Maoist Road _, February 10, 2023
The Communist Party of India(Maoist), the ICSPWI(International Committee to Support for Popular War in India and the new MLMTWO-LINES STRUGGLE International Magazine(Two -line fighting)They call two days of international actions for February 24/25 against the imperialist war, Empayo to the anti -imperialist struggles and popular wars in the world on the lip of this Joint Declaration.
All the forces that participate can make texts and in all countries it is possible


Let's develop the revolutionary struggle against the preparations for imperialist Guerramundial! 
The world imperialist system, decadent and broken down, in its unidirectional inevitablechamber towards the grave, has downloaded the most and more acute world economic crisis on society, and with it, it has extended and deepened on all continents the social, sanitary and sanitary crises and Environmental For the Imperialist insatiable, laminapolization and accumulation of capital at the expense of the global exploitation of social work, the usual export of financial capital, the destruction of nature, the looting of the oppressed countries, is not enough. The crisis of its system, mainly the economic one, promotes the imperialists to make a new distribution of the world already divided. A new public that can only be achieved by the economic force, the Financiera Force, the Military Force, the Force of the World War among a few imperialist people in decay and others that fight for the hegemonic, as a product of the inexorable economic law of unequal development of the countries Imperialists
But the same economic and social causes that push the imperialists warehouses of prey, become invivible estoparable material conditions for the slaves of capital, material conditions of the albelión of the exploited proletarians, of the peoples, nations and countries approached by the monopolies and The imperialist countries. And international communist almovation corresponds to bring them revolutionary consciousness, organize and transform rebellions into a revolutionary struggle against common elenemeigo: the world capitalist system of oppression and exploitation.It corresponds to the communists to give an example of an internationalist unit and fight against the preparations for a new world imperialist carnage; unite and coordinate efforts to promote the revolutionary struggle of the proproletary armies in all countries against the mobilization of troops and weapons palalas reactionary wars; Build a common front with all reflections, anti -imperialist, democratic and environmental forces that oppose war and military support and commitment of Lacayos regimes with their imperialist masters throughout the world especially in semi -colonial and semi -feudal countries; Reject and denounce as traitors to the opportunistic System who, in the name of the proletariat and the peoples, give suapoyo to one of the imperialist factions, when all of them are emortial enemies of the oppressed and exploited of the world; Supporting without truce the fighting directed by the authentic Marxist-Leninist-Maoistic communists, mainly the popular war in India along with otherpopular wars in the Philippines, Turkey, Peru, today are the avant-garde of the world private revolution, against imperialism and its reactionary dogsguardianes National
Imperialist capitalism is in crisis!Long live socialism and community!
Or the revolution stops war or war unleashes the revolution!
Proletarians and peoples of the world, units against imperialism!
Communist Workers Union(mlm)Colombia Committee of Construcción del Communist Party Maoist of Galicia Communist Party Maoist - Italy Communist Party(Maoist)of Afghanistan Communist Party of India(Maoist)Nepal Communist Party(Most)Nepal Communist Party(Maoist-Revolutionary)Red road from Iran(Maoist group)Purba Bangla proletarian party(PBSP/Bangladesh)Swiss Communist Party(Red fraction)They support the Communist Party of Turkey - ML Communist Reorganization - Brazil
News Source: http://dazibaorojo08.blogspot.com/2023/02/internacional-febrero-2425-dos-dias-de.html 
PC February 17 - Message from the Turkish companions on the earthquake with a video that we publish as soon as possible - maximum diffusion 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-17T17:48:00+01:00
Images: []
'On 6 Febreny 2023, An Earthquake Killed Tens of Thousands of People Inurkey, Turkish Kurdistan and Syria. The Official Death Toll in Turkey Was50,000. It is a fact that this figure is Higher. The Turkish State Does Notdisclose The Real Death Toll. Our Comrades Mobilized from the first day of the Earthquake. They are activelyworking in the Delivery of Aid to the People in the Earthquake regions. In Theattached Video There is a short video about the work of our comrades from Ourwomen and Youth Organization. In Revolutionary Solidarity.
On February 6, 2023, an earthquake killed tens of thousands of inturchia people, in Turkish Kurdistan and Syria. The official budget of the Vittimein Turkey was 50,000. It is a fact that this figure is higher. The Turkish state does not reveal the real budget of the victims.
Our companions have mobilized since the first day of the earthquake. Stop actively working to provide aid to the populations of the regionersterremotate. In the video attached there is a short video at the work of our enthusiasts of our female and youth organization.
In revolutionary solidarity.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-17-febbraio-messaggio-dai-compagni.html 
Mourão met with a large cocaine trafficker when he was vice president - the new democracy 
Author: Jaílson de Souza
Description: Meeting with criminal to discuss obscure agenda contrasts with the verbiage of the general, who poses as a dress of national morality
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T19:07:12-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T19:48:54-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-02-17T19:48:54-03:00
Images: [' 1_mourao-28111924.webp ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['garimpo ilegal', 'Tráfico de drogas']
Type: article
 Photo records obscure meeting between general and great cocaine trafficker, 2019. Photo: Database and
SportLight agency reported that Hamilton Mourão, a four-star general from the Brazilian Army and now senator, met a large drug transtorney on April 9, 2019 at the Planalto Palace when he was vice president.
The agenda of the meeting was "strengthening of patriotism" and were present, in addition to Mourão, four reservisting military personnel. Among these was MiltonConstantino da Silva, who in November 2020 would end up arrested for drug trafficking, association with trafficking and criminal organization.
Milton, however, was not a "clean record" at the time of the visit in 2019. Eleja had been sentenced in 2011 to 11 years in prison for formation, falsification of public document and receiving. The former military man was not punished, by penalty prescription in 2014. He was already under PF Investigation in 2019.
Investigations pointed out that Milton, the illustrious visit of Mourão, was the Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian Braçodireit; This, in turn, is consistent with the largest drug dealer hitherto active in Brazil.
In the sentence that determined his arrest, the role of Milton is highlighted: "Structured group leader and strategic importance in the activities mentioned by the criminal organization coordinated by Sérgio Roberto Decarvalho." 45 tons of cocaine, which shows “the complexity and relevance of the activities performed by MILTononConstantine while responsible for the creation of fictitious companies paragraphs for international cocaine trafficking and the concealment of the assets, financial apecies from the benefits of internal trafficking, use of use false documents ". The Agenciaportlight report also points out that one of the members of the gang led a mining activities .
The agency report was unable to contact Hamilton Mourão.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/mourao-se-encontrou-com-grande-traficante-de-cocaina-quando-era-vice-presidente/ 
Yanomami: Armed Forces did not deliver 85% of the baskets - the new democracy 
Author: Jaílson de Souza
Description: Since February 2, the reactionary military has ceased to deliver 85% of the basic baskets. The forces were designated to give logistical support in
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T19:30:54-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T19:30:57-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-02-17T19:30:57-03:00
Images: [' forcas-armadas-yanomami-cesta-basicas-site.jpg ']
Section: Povos Indígenas
Tags: ['garimpo ilegal', 'Yanomami']
Type: article
 Basic baskets, in Boa Vista, awaiting the Armed Forces. Photo: The Intercept Brasil
Since February 2, the reactionary armed forces have shown 85% of the basic baskets. The forces were assigned to giving emergency support to the calamitous situation of the Yanomamis Emroraima. Funai asked to send 4,904 baskets to 243 communities, military masters only delivered 761 baskets. The complaint is from The Intercept Brazil.
The baskets are already in warehouses of the National Supply Company, Conab, an agency of the Ministry of Agriculture, in Boa Vista, and the only function of the masters of the vast logistics apparatus available to make them come to communities.
Asked by the Intercept report, the Ministry of Defense stated that they are “currently mobilizing 15 aircraft and about 500 military personnel emergency to indigenous and in the face of illegal mining, and that“ there were no more baskets to be transported ”. However, according to the report, "sources heard to deny this information." "Our ability also contradicts the response of the Ministry of Defense, with photos that make the baskets stacked in the Conab shed, still waiting to be dismissed. These baskets are stored and transported by Conab to armed asphants," says the intercept report.

What is the difficulty of the Armed Forces? 
The contradictions in the Ministry of Defense and the Armed Forces are conflected with the suspicions of connivance, the military, with the advancement of illegal Dogormal in the Amazon, in particular in the Yanomami lands.In September 2019, José Altino attended a House hearing to the Ladode Alexandre Vidigal, from the Ministry of Mines and Energy(MME), Eduardo Leão, National Mining Agency(ANM)and Dirceu Santos Sobrinho, from the Golden National Association(Anger). No mesmo mês, Dirceu e Altino se reuniram também como então ministro do Meio Ambiente, Ricardo Salles, o general Augusto Heleno eOnyx Lorenzoni (They are simates). Em junho de 2020, Mourão, José Altino, DirceuSobrinho e Euclydes Pettersen (PSC-MG)They gathered again in Brasilia, eDepois, in 2021, another meeting was registered, this time only Entreasmão, José Altino and Dirceu.
Meanwhile, the situation of the Yanomami, [as the and ] denounced(https://anovademocracia.com.br/rr-velho-estado-latifundiario-burocratico-promove-genocidio-contra-yanomamis-atraves-do-garimpo/), Écalamitosa. According to the Federal Prosecutor(MPF)Deroraima, Alisson Marugal, the malnutrition of Yanomami children, and the Nasaldeias hunger is a “historical situation”: “The crisis was chronic, and little had been able to face it. What we have seen in recent years is the death of children from causes connected with malnutrition, usually disease -tied, such as malaria, diarrhea, worms, opportunistic diseases that shake in a debilitated body. ”
The prosecutor also states that, where the mining is present, the indigenous peoples to produce their own fields: “Every food source becomes ogarypo, and the mining destroys environmental resources, there is no more riopara fishing. Health services begin to deteriorate. Diseases simple to get worse. ”
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/yanomami-forcas-armadas-nao-entregaram-85-das-cestas/ 
US: "The green shift" and a world economy in decay & nbsp; & nbsp; 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: Congress in the United States has approved several new laws from President Joe Biden who will increase the tendency for state monopoly capitalism and decay even more in the country, under the cover of "green shift" and independent ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T21:33:32+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T21:35:36+00:00
Images: [' biden-ira-kongressen-1160x632.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Kronikk'
 Picture: Joe Biden speaks to Congress during the treatment of InflationReduction Act. 

By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

This is a chronicle. Analysis and standpoint are the commentator's own, and and are not necessarily the Media's line.
** Congress in the United States has approved several new laws from President Joe Biden.
The Economist writes in February that the United States Congress has adopted three important economic packages over the past two years: one on infrastructure, about the data chips and law "Inflation Reduction Act"(Inflation Reduction Act). Sammen vil deover flere år gjøre 21 billioner statlige dollar tilgjengelig for åtransformere USAs økonomi, omtrent 200.000.000.000.000 kroner. Det uttaltemålet er å «reindustrialisere» USA, og lovene har, gjennom måten de er syddsammen på, som både styrker USA overfor Kina og fordeler midler til industri imange delstater over hele landet, fått støtte av både demokrater ogrepublikanere.
Lovene vil blant annet gi en impuls til å bygge ut veier, broer og kabler foret «nytt grønt nettverk». CHIPS-loven vil sprøyte inn store summer, minst 280milliarder dollar, til å bygge ut datachips-produksjonen i USA. Per i dagproduseres de fleste chips som anvendes i USA i Kina og Taiwan. Medskjerpelsen av rivaliseringen med Kina, og muligheten for en kinesisk invasjonav Taiwan, er det strategisk viktig for USA å bli selvforsynt med slike chips.Dette er deler som trengs i alt av mobiltelefoner, datamaskiner,solcellepaneler, vindmøkker, el-biler og så videre og så videre. InflationReduction Act (IRA)In turn, contains 400 billion in subsidies for "green technology". The subsidies only go to production in the United States itself, and so far the support of politicians who channel subsidies to their owns and constituencies. Here we can also shoot in, that it is worth the dare paradox of calling investments "green", when states invest in road projects and large wind farms, both on this and the other side of the Avatlantic.The Journal the Economist writes that the bid's plan to transform USAeconomy not only can help the United States deal with China, but that it may also help him to keep home voters away from the radical political newspaper points, both right and left, as well as contribute to the brake climate change(The Economist, nummer 9332, s. 9). Vår analyse er at klimaetkommer i siste rekke. Det primære er rivaliseringen med andre imperialister ogen «reindustrialisering» som legger grunnlaget for krigsøkonomi, og sekundærtet forsøk på å dempe den politiske krisa i USA som Donald Trump og BernieSanders profiterte på i de forrige valgene. Videre vil vi vektlegge at pakkenegrunnleggende sett er uttrykk for den generelle utviklinga av imperialismen:monopolisering, statsmonopolkapitalisme, reaksjonering og forråtnelse.
Går vi videre inn i spørsmålet om denne «transformasjonen», er et av dekonkrete tiltakene at elbiler kjøpt i USA vil subsidieres, om de er produserti USA. Delstaten Georgia har delt ut 3 milliarder dollar til to lokalebilfabrikanter. Et taiwansk-registrert datachip-selskap (TSMC)Has invested200 billion dollars in 16 states, and also Intel and Micron are building new factories.
As I said, the overall package is aimed at Chinese imperialism. In October, Presidentjoe Biden announced its new national security strategy, stating that the top priority of his administration is to out-competing. This is where they identified data chips as a major problem, as the most advanced by these are mainly produced in Taiwan, and thus can become accessible if China invades Taiwan. Taiwan is historically part of China, and even the United States recognizes the "one-china" policy, which means that Taiwanetetor will be incorporated with China. At the same time, Biden has said that USAVIL defend Taiwan about China is attacking. Regardless: The United States will not risk standing out this key product if such a thing happens, and thus production in the US river of data chips has now become a strategic effort. Renewar energy equipment is also dominated by China, and Biden has put this on the agenda in the economic transformation.
On the Republican side, former Trump challenger Marco Rubio has been struggling that "you cannot be a great power if you are not an industrial power", which that the policy for "reindeer industry" has supported on both sides Avyankee policy.Furthermore, the new investments can lay the foundation for a trade war fell Germany and France, via the EU structures. On February 1, the European Commission adopted a new plan to support "green industry" in Europe, with the goal of distributing 250 billion euros, approximately NOK 2,500 billion, for this purpose. China, India, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, like the EU, provide major subsidies now for chip production, which will gradually increase overproduction, which will only lead to the manufacturers need even more support to do not bankrupt because they sit with Too many chips in stock. Subsidies now make up 60 per cent of annual sales for these manufacturers, which has a violent effect on the market. Nevertheless, the Yankee company Intel asks for even Mersubidis, if they are going to build a new factory in Germany.
Again, regarding industry and "reindustrialization": Employment in the US industry was at its peak around 1979, with over 19 million employees. The bottom point was reached in 2010 by 11.4 million, and has since been increased to 12.8 million today. But the value of production has not fallen, productivity is kept up through automation. Productivity has sessions in industry than in other sectors, and wages have also increased. Theeconomist writes that this is a double -egged sword, because more work is done to disclose employees(s. 19). Bilfabrikanter i USA bestilte 40 prosent flere roboteri 2022 enn i 2021. Denne automatiseringen gjør investeringer ekstremt dyre.
Specifically, the decay appears to be in the necessity of state monopoly capitalism. Imperialism has not abolished the competition, but sharpened it. But this is the system as a whole. Within the individual industries, on the other hand, competition is undermined not only by monopoly formation, but also by state -direct interference, for example with subsidies. This is the killing capitalism's "natural selection". The bourgeois politicians, as always the enhancement of the vigor, by claiming that it means ineffective production, meets itself the Idøra when they cover 60 percent of data chips production with subsidies. The whole "green shift" is a major process for giving capitalists new areas of stage in, with huge state subsidies. It increases state monopoly capitalism, and, even more seriously - for the rulers, this leads to a sharp increase between the imperialism. The general crisis is tightened in this way, and will lead to increasing shaking of the world economy.
Namely, it is not as defeated by Keynsianists in economics, and their social -democratic friends in politics, when the crises can be solved by spraying state funds into the economy. This will "rescue" unprofitable companies from Ruin, in the short term, however, and will mean bigger problems in the longer term. The bills for dissertation packages are mainly sent to the masses, via increased prices, taxes and taxes, which leads to less purchasing power. In addition, the company in fact must actually help to cover the bills. Thus, the most effective capitalists are punished at the same time as the "consumers" get less to buy goods feed, which in turn means that more capitalists do not sell their goods and more subsidies for not going to the doll. Thus, the crisis gets even worse. Nevertheless, the capitalists follow this "logic", and they continue with their crisis packages and subsidies, because, rightly, they fear the consequences of letting the crisis go.
Actually.no writes that as of March 31, 2019, the Oil Fund had a loan to the United States worth NOK 644 billion, in the form of such government bonds. In comparison, borrowed 180 billion to Japan, 93 billion to Germany and 55 billion to the britals. This is one of the methods of imperialists, and especially the powers and even more in particular: US imperialism, exploits its position. The United States sunbathing at the top of the world with a government debt passing 31,000 billion dollars in October in 2022. This government debt has shot in the weather since 1990 crisis, and has been multiplied over the last thirty years. In short, the debt and dollar acts as a reserve currency as a way to distribute the bills of the Empire imperialism throughout the world. This is about the way monopolies work, which we can see specifically in the Norwegian grocery industry, where the large monopoly presses prices, thus forcing subcontractors to pay -up the profits of paying.
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/17/usa-det-gronne-skiftet-og-en-verdensokonomi-i-forratnelse/ 
February 24: Show resistance to the imperialist war! 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: We share the Fighting Committee's call to a demonstration against animal times and Russia's attack war on February 24, on the day one year after Russian imperialism began its full -scale military invas ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T21:40:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-17T21:23:33+00:00
Images: [' 8.-mars-1160x653.jpg ', ' dGyCw-UlXBrYfEL_710bn8by4TAblaGpFXSTebCdRQtHJqTH2HGbiVEpLSVvd2Msl5vCXzIzQoOpDW83K0OYSPUdwH2p2CXibUTfPy9hMi9ynnhCbDEPOdfMvjktd_QOSHW0VkecysHDXfKhhXI1164 ', ' BbVUMJvhaOf8ZvuykykQNQoJCZx711A0OhaVJKa2Zo9jFR7Zd2XocPP20-CDxZNwZy-sUvIlqrBFHR4xa9_UNeTNHwIlbR34X6n0GhjSztgXa85wH3p2ENJ8TEChw520sdRChm1rY1Na-pubUI8RcC0 ', ' OSb5j9I-JJr9NsiLyhsC6370JefhCcoky-766auSDBzfqxPWBzScW6KFYIEfcCc62GzOdomHtQj6R924TISkpCnchJ1CKQ7j67xdpm1VaTC5SFuVtj9PqGyGH3x17D90bPbJz4IhZrUzkSfiJCB2hmA ', ' FgE7wGvqejQjW0npEYboz1ohJoiyVt3zW3v0zCx6zGFEkVVpXL-3dTWtYpLU_MWjZ4Xd5xmm6GUTNP1xejL9KEF_H_NaWQ-SDgrwUwOEvbjV6jxW2ahniMRev8V1VC83DWpLPwTPjmEfkEnOiM21pIQ ', ' vecSN541Dy1AB-bDRjRPiKbbQLdxiP5VrO1npBOvXaakGYQDf4Ya78SVG9h52R63VRZ4ZEEKAOOHusGr8ZvWq0BzHON3T2rT9Nw_RtKv3gyKyBqqsuCrcgi_S6Vx7VOyLYITaren2DVd3FGMYTbHybM ', ' h_29YnUvQTsROWYhGshxwQYs54F0BMe5YItDUsYGptkHaOeAPo6Zz-QHS756UK1S4thN-2JHDok_2_DjHwiMWcjI5POlfbD3H9LxocEV1vtqKr-IcJuU5gU5mCVC-yplkWaA1p3sTyz1Y6R9fVyKKgw ', ' Fwud8OpZbHVeoJuYdN1_K6xKRyKzXeVBF4sT-ABdVvDAqBu-A40_ks0wAb90prfJE9bxSsoq3ZtWcFLXFtn5Rf8VzWl07Y0DIUg8Ko-bvOGQEEC2Oa6lMWJcOjNbIzIhSJgweAL30z6dGkfuuEzquJs ', ' TiwtyLZq8wIPqCIUiFjYAEmJVTGCMdRbU0N3BqpVo2MmLqVmeH3ldnIQqWT7G5XUmBwQ3NdzsDcVKT8I5uA5fVem-y2r8kyih4aWoJ_fwYpcB1N2p2a2Nd0Ln1MMrFDCw0r-8vgAfinyztJyj2ZMmRA ', ' taYwKZj6nO_VNBZkTd3r2TtcWi0TPz5mAN6_WNn6xKUk9TildoRKzZcnH6DQpNh9t7W5G6cAwZWpq9Zm655yAyd1HJf-B3ibEmhP2Q2IQIolnBKJXjWVEvXLRS-JmONj35niQ9WspKjSoqQCH0LOPqo ', ' 5wsMq2EaIcJw1VaRciAq1gR3hzO1jVHJnq2Eu2p6EVeNqs-OkC5WhHH_rCQxyjxbf3ucsyT-FAhmDsl0g5Kju7H7IYiRW0IcU2BEllMfewxYiJ8Vye3gg9WoqK_aNZjthbCE169NPOVUMigzCwfmKzI ', ' -BjZdZEbSOglwbcw0z3cKntPirtH6R-XibJJ7whDLS-hzu9iK0TO3z8V-xH3kRf3cjZsU4QQjTyekXy84AUFHZoq73NGUpYPVETfSJWQuaUDowJi035dn-Tc3tgRWC6xo8KpwAsJbU90w9C-vicExNI ', ' TCz2PHp0EdIu9HBWJ3m1TpE9ovGk5W7viLGu1rXrVo350fSUGebSYsBNLniLni6FkXIG5yFRXRzsRqLsiVMg76DTx5N6NDnSr7G-bukhTR5nNxbzqmhADXYZqWnfJyVcUf0wBQct6H3ZkIQq91oiZpc ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Aktiviteter'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

We share the Fighting Committee's call to a demonstration against Animal Time Odrussia's attack war on February 24, on the day one year after the Russian imperialism began its full -scale military invasion and war against the war against the War. 
The Fighting Committee writes: Russian imperialism is now re -stepping up the war in Enny Offensive. At the same time, they also prepare for a long -term war. The Putin regime is expanding the weapons industry, preparing new mobilization, training more 100,000 new recruits and reinforces the grip on the media and war propagandaennad in Russia.
The Ukrainian nation is fighting heroic against the attacker. More than 300,000 people will be killed on both sides, and more than 15 million Ukrainians are running in their own country or abroad. The human suffering is. Russian imperialism develops a genocide, with terrorist attacks Easter, forced the displacement of hundreds of thousands and Russian assimilation Avukrainian children. Still, the masses fight heroically, they build reinforcements, make improvised bombs and molotovcocktails, they travel to the front or support those who fight there. They show the way the people have shown again and again: oppressed people are willing to die for their freedom and oppression cancellation resistance!
On February 24, and the days ahead of this date, the Fighting Committee will develop actions and activities against the imperialist war. We condemn Russian imperialism and support Ukrainian resistance, without reservation. At the same time, the US intrigue condemns, we condemn NATO and Norway for increased militarization of Europe, and we provide no support to the United States Lake owner in the Zelenskiy regime.
Attendance: 
Bergen: Time/place: February 24, at. 17:00 behind the main library. Connected organizations: Revolutionary Communists and the Fighting Committee.
Trondheim: Time/place: February 24, at. 17:00 in the square. Connected organizations: Revolutionary communists, NKP in the Trondheim and the Fight Committee.
The demonstrations are held on the following political basis: Full condemnation of Russia's imperialist war of attacks against Ukraine Full support for the Ukrainian people's resistance struggle No to NATO expansion No for Norwegian arms exports
The demonstration in Trondheim raises the following parole, in addition to the political basis above: "Stop the cuts - let the capitalists pay the sitting crisis!"The match committee has laid out reports from the distribution of leaflets and more posteritis for the demonstration on February 24.
Trondheim center and east:
   On three campuses(Gløshaugen, Dragvoll and Kalvskinnet)At the University NTNU ITRONDHEIM:
   In the center of Stjørdal, Hell, Hommelvik and Sveberg: References [24 . February: Show resistance to the imperialist war!)(https://kampkomiteen.net/?p=5815) Stjørdal: posters for demonstration against the war and the increased prices [Trondheim: Posters for demonstration 24.2. )(https://kampkomiteen.net/?p=5132) Trondheim: Join the Demonstration against Animal and Russia's War of attack! 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/17/24-februar-vis-motstand-mot-den-imperialistiske-krigen/ 
Atik Representative in the Earthquake Zone: We must continue our solidarity! 
Author: ['muhabirhasan']
Time: 2023-02-17T95:00:00-04:00
Description: News Center | 17.02.2023 | According to AFAD on the 13th day of the earthquake, the number of people who lost their lives ...
Images: [' atik-1-780x470-1-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['ATİK', 'Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 News Center | 17.02.2023 | The number of people who lost their relativity on the 13th day of the earthquake on the 13th day of the earthquake 38 thousand 44. Since the first day, racist attacks, racist attacks, the states and institutions organizing the “collapse ına to the aids, now began to work with scoops to ık to ıkışmışmışı
Besides the people of the region, there are revolutionary democratic institutions, revolutionaries and volunteers since the first day. One of these institutions is the European workers in Europe.(Anthrim). ATİK faaliyetçileri, depremin beşinci günündeulaştıkları Antakya’da ortak çalışmalara katılıyorlar. Söyleşi yaptığımız ATİKtemsilcisi bölgede devletin yokluğuna dikkat çekerek “ Buraya gelincegerçekten devletin burada ‘hissedilmediğini’ daha yakından görmüş olduk.Devletin ‘hissedilmemesi’ derken; arama-kurtarma çalışmalarındandepremzedelerin acil ihtiyaçlarının karşılanmasına dek olan faaliyettenbahsediyorum. Ama Türkiye’den, Kürdistan’dan, dünyanın başka ülkelerindenbirçok gönüllünün bölgeye gelerek halkla dayanışma içerisinde çalıştığınıgörüyoruz ” dedi.
– Depremi haber aldıktan sonra ATİK Konseyi tarafından acil bir toplantıçağrısı yapıldı. Bu toplantıda ilk etapta hızlıca acil ihtiyaçlara katkısağlayacak bir bağış kampanyası düzenleme kararı alındı ve bu çalışmaAvrupa’daki halkımıza duyuruldu. Bağış kampanyası kapsamında çeşitli ülkelerdebulunan derneklerimiz etkinlikler yaptı. Buralarda toplanan bağışlar deprembölgesine gönderildi.
“Burada devlet hissedilmiyor!” 
– Bahsettiğim toplantıda, bağış kampanyası dışında bir delegasyon oluşturarakdeprem bölgesine gelme kararı da aldık. Depremin hemen ardından bölgeye geçenYeni Demokrat Gençlik’ten arkadaşlarımızla iletişime geçtik ve buradakikoordinasyona dahil olduk.
"There were volunteers who shoulder the wreckage" 
* _ You have stated that the state is not “felt .. Who shoulder this responsibility? _ 
-Those who shoulder the debris here, those who do their best for solidarity, from revolutionary-democratic organizations to parties, from non-governmental organizations to non-infidential people, were volunteers. The state does not have institutions, what is not. We witnessed many events. For example, the search and rescue work of volunteers when it comes to a certain stage of the search-rescue teams come into play empty, the wreckage of the people to take the image of the cameras to the cameras.
However, what is true is that the state shows that it is only “existent” as a gendarmerie and police. As they do not have support for the public, they try to deny the volunteers and to target some people by saying “looter”.
* _ What studies did you take in the region? What was done with coordination? _ 
"The spirit of solidarity needs to be kept alive!" 
* _ Today is the 10th day of the earthquake. Wrapping the wounds of this disaster will be a long and challenging process. What do you think you should do in terms of the coming period? _ 
This is not a livable city right now, but this place makes it livable. Food, clothing, health, until psychological support… Therefore, more comprehensive processes need to be made. They can be possible by keeping the spirit of solidarity alive.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/deprem-boelgesinde-olan-atik-temsilcisi-dayanismamizi-suereklilestirmeliyiz 
Duterte's crime in the anti -drug war, Gloria Arroyo wants to hide from ICC 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T96:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The Right group criticized the resolution promoted by former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and 18 other lawmakers to give former President Rodrigo Duterte a & quot; unequivocal defense & quot;
Images: [' chr-findings-drug-war-1024x502.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 The Right group criticized the resolution of former Presidentgloria Macapagal-Arroyo and 18 other lawmakers to give former President Rodrigo Duterte a "unequivocal defense" or full-defense against the International Criminal Court investigation(ICC)Duterte's crime in a false war against drugs. Arroyo filed a resolution to the House of Representatives yesterday.
According to the right, it is a major insult to thousands of victims of the text of the Duterte regime and their families. "They are the people of the people who have suffered in the inhuman treatment of the killer," the group said.
With the exception of Arroyo, the other resolution of the resolution was:
Arroyo's resolution further declared that the Duterte administration allegedly paved the way for the "unique successes brought about by its unlucky campaign against illegal drugs."
The ICC reopened its investigation into Duterteno's anti-drug war late January after it was temporarily stopped in November 2022. According to human rights groups, it was estimated that not 30,000 were killed in the war against drugs.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/krimen-ni-duterte-sa-gera-kontra-droga-gustong-itago-ni-gloria-arroyo-mula-sa-icc/ 
True value of wages is on a downward track 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T97:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The condition of Filipino workers is infuriating. Prices of goods keep on hiking while their wages remain paltry. The average salary of a worker is not even half of what must be the truly living wage.
Images: [' ndf-bicol-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ['Workers']
Type: article
 The condition of Filipino workers is infuriating. Prices of goods keep onhiking while their wages remain paltry. The average salary of a worker is noteven half of what must be the truly living wage. Even worse, the true value ofcurrent daily wages decrease because of the increase in inflation.
Meanwhile, the US-Marcos Jr. regime deliberately preserves this situation.This is favorable for the expansion of cheap labor that its ruling classes andcapitalist masters pine for. Because of the job crisis and lack of decentemployment, although wages are almost mere change, workers are compelled toyield to inhumane working conditions and wages rather than to lose theirsources of living completely.
But the Filipino workers have had enough. In Bikol and other parts of thecountry, the workers’ struggle and refusal to tolerate and accept these slave-like conditions are fast spreading and gaining momentum. They are perseveringin advocating their democratic interests in various ways and means. They areorganizing their ranks and forge unions and organizations that will championtheir demands and clamor.
The widening unity and intensifying struggle of workers for their rights alsoheighten the political consciousness of the whole nation and fuels their willto fight. NDF-Bikol appeals to Bikolano workers to join and take part in theworkers movement and combine their strength with the people’s united force. Intheir struggle for their interests, they can always be assured that therevolutionary movement is always on their side. As the true Party andorganization of all oppressed and exploited, they can be certain that the CPP-NPA-NDF throughout the whole country is with their every step forward.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/true-value-of-wages-is-on-a-downward-track/ 
Atif Hamburg held the General Assembly 
Author: ['muhabirhasan']
Time: 2023-02-17T97:00:00-04:00
Description: Hamburg | 17.02.2023 | Atif, Atik, recently held his 48th Ordinary Congress.
B...: 
Images: [' hamburg-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Hamburg | 17.02.2023 | Atif, Atik, recently realized his 48th extraordinary.
At this congress there was the comfort of throwing the fears of Pandemin over. The necessity of masks in the vehicles of the funds also lifted, but this time, the bitterness of the vibration of the earthquake was marked by the congress.
The suffering of the members who were directly affected by the earthquake was shared and a few of the donations collected were given as solidarity.
Hamburg was evaluated as a central aid. It was on the agenda for the Hamburgbelediyah to participate in this work. Atikheyet'in work was transferred to the field. Donated from the members who want to donate. With the previous management activity report, an assessment was made about the current political situation.
Later, the members' criticisms and suggestions for the annual report were released. Three days of cheap food in the association was positive by everyone. Friendly institutions were speened by MLPD and ADHK.
He gave information about the new women's work, wished success and became a member of two members. Following the determination of the new administration, the distribution of tasks was made and Atik's ”organization with the organization“ campaign was immediately emphasized.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/atif-hamburg-genel-kurulunu-gerceklestirdi 
White Bay. Historical march for a kid less for drugs 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-17T97:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Different sectors of the Catholic Church, Hogar de Cristo, Caritas, House Belén in conjunction with the combative class (CCC), the movement or a kid less for the drug, social organizations, CAAC and the PTP, they found themselves despite having different beliefs, thoughts, etc. They are the ones who have been putting the body in the neighborhoods & Hellip;
Images: [' Bahia-Marcha-Ni-un-pibe-menos-febrero-2023.jpg ', ' Bahia-Marcha-Ni-un-pibe-menos-300x180.jpg ', ' Bahia-Marcha-Ni-un-pibe-menos-x-la-droga-febrero-2023-300x176.jpg ']
Type: article
 Different sectors of the Catholic Church, Hogar de Cristo, Caritas, Casabelén in conjunction with the combative class current(CCC), the Niun kid movement for drugs, social organizations, CAAC and the PTP, were in spite of having different beliefs, thoughts, etc. They are those that have been putting the body in the neighborhoods of Bahia, in solitude. Office training contalleres, schools, culture, professionals and studies at the service of the people, etc.
We said no to the drug that anesthesia the true rebellion that the workers have inside. It was the first mobilization against addictions from the children, with the participation of pilgrims from other places in the country, where he remembered much of the Bahiense center, passing through the Plaza Rivadavia Hastala Cathedral.
 
 Correspondent 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/bahia-blanca-historica-marcha-por-ni-un-pibe-menos-por-la-droga/ 
Narrow down the true amount of wages 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The situation of the Filipino workers is very angry. The prices of commodities are unavoidable as they continue to be staring at the low cost of their wages. The present
Images: [' ndf-bicol-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ['Workers']
Type: article
 The situation of the Filipino workers is very angry. The prices of commodities are unknown as they continue to be staring at the low cost of their wages. The current wage of the employer is less than half the amount of real living wages. The more painful, the degradation of their wages is less than the suction of inflation.
The US-Marcos Jr.'s counter-working regime is intentional. This is the case. It is a favor for the push for the growth of the cheap to make his fellow capitalists and the ruling class. Due to the employment crisis and lack of decent jobs, even though the workers' salaries are almost alms, they are forced to agree to the inhuman pay and condition of losing their jobs.
But the Filipino workers are full. In Bikol and in the other corners of the country, workers' denying resistance to the priority of the current state of the world is rapid and increasing. They are trying to promote their democratic interests in various ways and medium. They organize their intention and build unions and organizations that will provide their own and calls for calls.
The expanding binding and growing resistance of workers as their rights also increases the political consciousness of the whole community and intensifies their decision to fight. The NDF-Bikol called on Bikolano workers to participate and participate in workers and combine their strength with the united force of a wide range of people. In their stand for their interests, they can always expect the revolutionary movement to be behind them. As the true party and organization of all oppressors and exploits, they can expect them to be with each step of the CPP-NPA-NDF throughout the archipelago.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/paliit-nang-paliit-ang-tunay-na-halaga-ng-sahod/ 
The bureaucrat-capitalist bureaucrats in DepEd as a microcosm of the corruption of semi-colonial society and bureaucrat capitalist government 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-02-17T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Members of the Katipunan of Nationalist (Kagumas (Kaguma) strongly condemn the acute and widespread corruption within the Department of Education, in particular the purchase of excessive n
Images: [' katipunan-ng-mga-gurong-makabayan-kaguma-1024x502.png ']
Categories: ['Politics', 'Teachers']
Type: article
 Members of the Community of Nationalist Members are strongly condemned(Kaguma)Chronic and widespread corruption within the Department of Education, specifically the purchase of excessive amounts of MGAPTOP and entry-level digital single-lens reflex(DSLR, Canon EOS1500D)camera. Such corruption is disgusting during the time of the Pandemya where our fellow teachers are suffering to establish their classes with their own pockets. DepEday's corruption reflects the corruption of the semi-colonial system in our town led by the bureaucratic-citizenship puppets that the agency is walking.
According to the 197 page report by the Senate Blue Ribbon Committee, ₱ 2.4B, the DepEd bought only 39,583 laptops, which would have been 68,500 for ₱ 35,046.50 per unit. Because politicians have been doing business with the power, DepEd bought a laptop for ₱ 58,300 per unit. Worse yet, the arids are even given even to non -teaching individuals. There are nearly 900,000 public teachers at a basic level but the only department has sold out of the number of teachers. Aside from the lack of them they are so slow as they seem to be useless by the governing.
The DepEd Nagoverpriced Entry-Level Canon EOS 1500D camera has recently spread on social media for Php 155,929 last year(Four times higher than SRP = Php 33,998). Angpanggagantsong ito sa DepEd ay pagkakataon na naman para sa mga burukrata saahensya, kasabwat ang mga manunubang kumprador na gatasan ang ahensya kahit pasa panahon ng krisis pang-ekonomiya. Matagal nang manhid ang mga burukrata saloob ng DepEd at wala nang pakialam sa kahirapan ng mga guro at estudyante.Naging manhid at ganid ang mga burukratang sangkot sa scam na ito dahil silaay lumalangoy lamang sa tubig kanal ng burukrata-kapitalismo.
It is frustrating as teachers are furious and faint to teach with slow laptops, laptops and gadgets owed, including expensive internet connection fees, the bureaucrats inside the DepEday busy with the town's arrival.
The punishment of leeches and parasites within the DepEd will not end. Changing the law of procurement and dissolution to PS-DBM will not impress corruption within the agency. Corruption of the Sadeped and the Government is acute because the imperialists and the invaders have taught us the government's business and privilege. The government position is a gift of the winning bureaucrat capitalists in the election of their meek and obedient crocodiles. It reflects what Nimarcos, Jr. says So they tried to get back to politics because of their "family survival". This is exactly the motive and purpose of the politician entering the government. They do not intend to serve as a citizen, but they want to get rich, maintain self and family power, and bless their followers of crocodiles. And the family Marcos who is probably the most popular in the history of our town. Duterte and Arroyo's families are involved in the families, they are constantly laughed at by our people who are poor.
As long as there is a bureaucrat capitalism in our country, as the mutual relations with our country are expanding, and as the bureaucrat capitalists are conspiring with foreign investors and big bourgeoisomy compradors, corruption will remain chronic, not only in DepEd, but all agencies and agencies and branch of government.Drop imperialism!
Break the bureaucrat-capitalism!
Drop feudalism!
End commercialized, colonial and repressive education!
Promote national, scientific and profitable education!
Promote the Democratic People's Revolution!
Drop the US-Marcos II regime!
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/ang-pagburiki-ng-mga-burukrata-kapitalista-sa-deped-bilang-mikrokosmo-ng-kabulukan-ng-semi-kolonyal-na-lipunan-at-burukrata-kapitalistang-gubyerno/ 
Frankfurt continues to solidarity with earthquake victims in Frankfurt 
Author: ['muhabiranil']
Time: 2023-02-17T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Frankfurt
Images: [' 535dff76-dbf7-4940-8128-cb7ca8fe011f-620x330.jpeg ', ' 3921cb74-02d1-4e4c-9918-f6750874757c-768x1024.jpeg ', ' 917251f8-0a79-48f3-8ee2-888b9dc02c68-75x100.jpeg ', ' 652c7c7b-5517-4202-9475-c939f940455e-100x75.jpeg ', ' 647bf55a-2427-4540-b139-77506d603500-75x100.jpeg ', ' 562ac4e4-8ca7-4664-ba06-781307bf7755-100x75.jpeg ', ' 535dff76-dbf7-4940-8128-cb7ca8fe011f-100x75.jpeg ', ' 3921cb74-02d1-4e4c-9918-f6750874757c-75x100.jpeg ']
Categories: ['APP', 'Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 
 Frankfurt This study, which shows the solidarity of the people in the environment, will be established in different places. This study, whose income will be led by earthquake victims, provides financial support as well as the preparations are distributed and information is provided to the audience.
 
 
 
 
 
 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/frankfurtta-depremzedelerle-dayanismaya-devam-ediliyor 
New testimonies in the trial by Manuel "Quebracho" Guerra 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-17T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Next Wednesday 22/2 a new hearing will be held in the V ABO trial (corresponding to the clandestine centers of Atlético, Bank and Olympus detention). In the same they will declare Mario Garelik at 9hs (who was one of the first lawyers in the cause of disappearance); Claudio Balaclav at 10 am (companion of militancy of & Hellip;
Images: [' Manuel-Guerra-1.jpg ']
Type: article
 Next Wednesday 22/2 a new hearing will be held in the V trial ABO(corresponding to the clandestine centers of Atlético detention, Banco Yolimpo). En el mismo declararán Mario Garelik a las 9hs (Who was one of the first lawyers in the cause of disappearance); Claudio Balaclav a las10hs(Militancy companion of Quebracho and member of the work commission and consensus of the former CCD "Club Atlético")and Facundo Guerra(son of Manuel)at 11 pm.
On the other hand, on March 8 they will declare Eduardo González at 9 am(priestly of the family that accompanied to recover the raided house)and Oscar Marioni(Fierro)a las 10hs(Manuel and Prime -Secretary of Militancy of the JCR).
Los testimonios se podrán observar en vivo a través del siguiente sitio: https://laretaguardia.com.ar/ 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/nuevos-testimonios-en-el-juicio-por-manuel-quebracho-guerra/ 
New auctions! 
Author: 'KOMMUNISTISKA FÖRENINGEN'
Time: 2023-02-17T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' DSCN1548-1080x675.jpg ', ' 20221225_211722.cleaned-400x284.jpg ', ' DSCN1551-400x284.jpg ', ' DSCN1573-400x284.jpg ', ' IMG_20230216_183324_534-400x284.jpg ', ' IMG_20230216_183324_843-400x284.jpg ', ' IMG_20230216_183324_849-400x284.jpg ', ' DSCN1548-400x284.jpg ']
Categories: ['Featured', 'Nyheter', 'Uttalanden']
 During the winter, KF continued to spread its and international communist association's bush, "unite under Maoism!" around Sweden. The association has also spread posters that point out the central task of the Swedish revolutionaries, to reconstitution, recreate, Sweden's communist party.
 Trollhättan
 Housing
 Housing
 At least
 At least
 At least
 Housing
News Source: https://kommunisten.nu/?p=14167 
