马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
 2023-02-10

English 

PFLP Supports Catalan City Of Barcelona’s Decision To Cut Diplomatic Ties With Israeli Government 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-02-09T05:15:40+00:00
Update Time: 2023-02-10T01:18:15+00:00
Images: [' Palestina-OLP-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['Ada Colau', 'Anti-Imperialism', 'Barcelona', 'Benjamin Netanyahu', 'Catalonia', 'imperialism', 'Israel', 'Israeli Occupation Of Palestine', 'Marxism-Leninism', 'Palestine', 'PFLP', 'Popular Front For The Liberation Of Palestine', 'Ramallah', 'Spain', 'Tel Aviv']
Categories: ['Catalunya', 'Imperialist States', 'National Liberation Struggle', 'Palestine', 'Spain']
 Ramallah, February 9, 2023: The Popular Front for the Liberation ofPalestine welcomed today, the decision of the Catalan city of Barcelona fortemporarily suspending its relations with Israel, due to its crimes in theoccupied territories of Palestine.
This position reflects the popular will to reject violent practices by theIsraeli forces against our people, the Marxist-Leninist formation stated in adispatch.
In a letter addressed to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu,Barcelona’s mayor Ada Colau announced the temporary suspension of itsinstitutional relations with Israel “until the authorities put an end to thesystematic violation of human rights against the Palestinians.”
The move includes cutting the twinning of the Catalan city with Tel Aviv untilfurther notice. “Barcelona has become the first city council to suspend tieswith apartheid Tel Aviv in solidarity with the Palestinian people,” the groupwrote on its Twitter account.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/imperialist-states/pflp-supports-catalan-city-of-barcelonas-decision-to-cut-diplomatic-ties-with-israeli-government/ 
‘ turning off ’, new song of NPA-Batangas 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-02-09T06:39:19+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-10T07:08:16+00:00
Description: The Baldwas is the original composition of the red flag-Eduardo Dagli Command-NPA Batangas organized by weapon-TK.
Images: [' armas-tk-bumalikwas-single-cover.jpg ']
Categories: ['Cultural']
Type: article
 Released by the artist and writer of the Southern South(Cute)The " GET ", first song in the entire album to be released at the end of 2023.
The Baldwas is the original composition of the red flag-Eduardo Daglicommand-NPA Batangas organized by weapon-TK.
http://philippinerevolution.nu/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/bumalis.mp3 &lt;http://phililling
Lyrics & Chords: PDF 
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/02/09/bumabalikwas-bagong-awit-ng-npa-batangas/ 
PC February 9 - Turin - “ this university model kills ”. 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-09T20:04:00+01:00
Images: []
Turin, "You cannot die of university": students trace the silhouette of unchodadave in rectorate 
Flash mob at the University of Turin by the Student University Students of the Student Changing course which, this afternoon, Tuesday 7 February, traced a shape of a body in the courtyard of the rectorate of the University of Turin with the inscription "This model of University of Uccide"
The protest was born to remember the student who took his life love, inside his university, after not having passed his reprimand of exams.
"A few days ago - they write - a student took his life in Milan, inside his university, after having failed his first exam session. To have failed it was not the student but the
University model that continues to reap victims, yet another death after dinner a few months ago another student took his life in Bologna, another Apadova and another in Palermo in the most absolute silence. It is time to disregard the silence that has so far cloaked the question of suicides in university. 3 minutes of silence was the response with which the rector Dellaiulm tried to liquidate this tragedy. Making resume immediately after regular performance of the exam session. Here is what according to them is the lava of one of us. Our answer is the shape of a body on the ground that now stains the rectorate of the United. This massacre occurs because the sounds are most subject to stress, immersed in a rhetoric of sticker competition. And fail in this university system means seeing the doors of their dreams in the face, and being slammed in the reality a system that for our generation leaves no perspective, no future if not precarious and exploitationAnd they continue: "Because perhaps behind the story of a student who has failed an examination or did not graduate in time, there is a story a student who makes one or two works, underpaid, precarious, black, all this to stay the Studies, to keep life in another city, to feel adequate. Our task is to stop this massacre, it is to break into silence with the organization of the organization, break the individualism and the culpritization with the strength of an organized community that collectively fights For a viad'sita. For a different system, for a new university, in a newasocity. Tomorrow at 6.30 pm at Palazzo Nuovo. A university assembly will be held. We make the silence break, we start doing it all together. Let's stop Lastrage. Let's join And let's activate to organize an answer. Because this death is not an isolated case but the failure of an inter -system, and then we also want to postpone the university national assembly to be terrified à on 4/5 March in Rome. What we want is a new university model ".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-9-febbraio-torino-questo-modello-di.html 
PC February 9 - The Minister of 41bis to political prisoners, within the modern fascist government of Meloni shows that continuing and raising the shot of the struggle is right and necessary 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-09T20:33:00+01:00
Images: [' nordio-cospito-morte.jpg ']
NORDIO SENDS TO DEATH ALFREDO COSTI RIVER 
 The anarchist Alfredo COSTIO, on hunger strike for over 100 days, to decease the 41 bis, the hard prison regime.
This was established by the Minister of Justice Carlo Nordio, evidently, still existing the "social danger" of him.
The minister rejected the application for revocation made by the lawyer Flaviorossi Albertini, defender of the prisoner, who received a communication from the dalministerium.
The 41bis had been arranged on May 4th of last year by the Holy Aragardesigilli Marta Cartabia for
four years. It is worth remembering that this decision arrived after Chealfredo had been in prison for 10 years, and that no new crime could be contested.
That decision derived "only" from the choice of the Cassation to make the imputation relating to the bomb placed in Fossano in 2006 - a explosion without deaths or wounded - in "political massacre" time "to adapt the security of the state". A crime never contested, not even perpiazza Fontana or for the Bologna station, which certainly had other otherwise of the irrelevant "firecracker" on the night of Fossano.
The defense of Alfredo COSTIO announces that he will have against the decision of theministral of justice.
" Cospito has lost 47 kilos and no longer takes the supplements. We are waiting for Lagiornata on Saturday when our partisan doctor will visit him, he will be able to see the clinical folders then to make an idea of the actual state of health ".
The lawyer of Alfredo Cossed, Flavio Rossi Albertini, says it, when he left the work of Opera where this morning he had an interview with his assisted who lasted over two hours. "He will go on until the extreme_- The lawyer continues - se has come to date I am not right to doubt it is determined to get to the extreme consequences, until he died ".
from Contropiano
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-9-febbraio-il-ministro-del-41-bis-ai.html 
The fourth day of the earthquake: the number of those who lost their lives is 12 thousand 873 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-09T91:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | On the fourth day of the earthquakes based in Maraş, the number of those who lost their lives ...
Images: [' antakya-deprem-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | On the fourth day of the earthquake -based earthquakes, the number of people who lost their own family rises every minute. The last figure is 12 thousand 873
AFAD; February 6 earthquakes affected by 10 cities of the number of those who lost their lives reached 12 thousand 873 as of 07.45, 62 thousand 937 people said.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/depremin-doerduencue-guenue-yasamini-yitirenlerin-sayisi-12-bin-873 
Prof. Dr. Naci Görür: Just as I wrote ‘we are worried about Maraş 3 3 days ago, I am also worried about Istanbul. 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-09T93:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | Member of the Academy of Sciences. Dr. Naci Görür said, “He says this for the first time ...
Images: [' naci-gorur-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | Member of the Academy of Sciences. Dr. Naci Görür said, “I say this for the first time, let all Turkey hear it, there are two faults in Turkey. One is the North Anatolian Fault, the other is the Eastern Anatolian Fault. Both emptied most of the two energy. This means that there will be no great earthquake in Turkey in the next few hundred years, at least throughout the Buiki fault zone. However, the places we are worried about between Bingöl İlekarlıova. ”
Speaking to DHA, Görür said, “The situation in Istanbul is not good at all. Just as I wrote 3 days ago, ‘We are concerned about Maraş’, I also worried about Istanbul. All scientific research is that time is coming in Istanbul. It was said that the earthquake was expected in about 30 years.
Prof. Dr. Naci Görür, 3 days ago in relation to the earthquake, the warning that he said, “When the Elazığ earthquake was a statement. Elazığdepremi was on the Eastern Anatolian Fault, that fault awakened. He didn't earthly before. I, ’21. In the century, I would evacuate its energy by producing an earthquake.
“After breaking the Eastern Anatolian Fault Elazığ region, Maraş, Çelikhan, Earlykve Hatay region became a threat,‘ I think that big earthquakes will be in large, ’I said. Now, when a region does not earthquake for a long time, we think that the fault line accumulates a very large extent. Let us say that the people understand, we think that the energy accumulated.
“If a significant energy has accumulated in Maraş, and if you transfer it to an extra energy, we will start to fear Maraş. I said, "Marash" because of that fear and expectation. ‘Earthquake preparations are used, do not neglect the urban transformation here,’ he wrote, drew and said. Unfortunately, February 6 came, there were two earthquakes of 7.7 and 7.6 magnitude. The first earthquake was with ‘triggering’. The fault systems there were each other. The first earthquake was on the Oludeniz fault, the second earthquake was on the Eastern Anatolian Fault. Two earthquakes in such a 9 -hour apart is a very rare one. When we look at it, most of the buildings collapsed like a bowl. ”Stating that the Ministry of Disaster should be established. Dr. Naci Görürsözlerin continued as follows: “First, a disaster ministry will be established. After this ministry, it will have a good budget and the necessary infrastructure and coordination will be made. With 5 years of plans, it will start from earthquake generations and every city in the earthquakes will be transformed into earthquake -resistant cities. First, a Birmikrobeleme work will be done. Risk analysis will be done after the damage to the damage will be done "
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/prof-dr-naci-goeruer-nasil-3-guen-oence-marastan-endise-ediyoruz-diye-yazdiysam-ayni-sekilde-istanbuldan-endise-ediyorum 
The question of detention to the journalist said: "There is no AFAD here?" 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-09T95:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | Follow the search and rescue works in the buildings destroyed due to earthquake ...
Images: [' mehmet-gules-gozalti-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | Mesopotamia Agency reported that the Mesopotamian Agency reportedly followed the search and rescue in the buildings destroyed due to the earthquake, and was asked whether the words allegedly spoken in an interview with a volunteer named Mehmet Nuri Güzel, who worked in the wreckage.
While he was following the search and rescue in Amed's Rezan district Sheikh Şamil Neighborhood yesterday, while interviewing Mehmetnuri Güzel, who worked voluntarily in the debris area, a beautiful Vemezopotamia Agency(MA)Reporter Mehmet Güleş was taken into custody and was taken to Diyarbakıremistik Directorate.
The explanation process in the police station is completed, the people are accused of giving the people to hatred and hostility ”. The statement was taken to Güleş, the noticer police claimed that Güzel said, “There is no AFAD here, no Umke. Here the people are fighting their own. Our people were left alone ”. Güleş said that he did not make up the sentence in question.
They were referred to the prosecutor's office 
Rasul Temur, the lawyer of Güleş, who was present during the expression procedures, said, “My client was prevented and employed while the activity was conducting journalism activities. There is no other side of the detention of the journalist who expresses the thought of the citizen who expresses his thought and who registered this idea. With this detention, thoughts and expressions have been violated, freedom of the press, and the materials used in the journalism activity in the Constitution Article 30 of the Constitution will not be confiscated and I demand that the digital materials used in the vegazete activity obtained from the client should be released immediately and the release of my client.
The testimony of the journalist who wanted to be accused of the volunteer cankurtaran Güzel, Diyarbakir Chief Public Prosecutor was referred.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/gazeteciye-goezalti-sorusu-burada-afad-yok-dedi-mi 
The decision of the state of emergency passed through the Assembly 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-09T97:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | After the earthquake of 7.7 and 7.6 in Maraş, the AKP's President ...
Images: [' ohal-780x400-1-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 09.02.2023 | AKP President Erdoğan, a marash -based earthquake, 7.7 and 7.6, will be effective in 10 provinces for 3 months.(State of emergency)Announced.
The decision of the state of emergency, which was discussed at the General Assembly of the Assembly, was accepted despite the opposition parties and entered into force.
151 Vote for the deputy 
The decision of the state of emergency should be submitted to the General Assembly of the General Assembly in the most urgent way due to the Constitution and the Constitutional Regulation. Considering the fact that the deputies were in the regions due to the earthquake, the decision was planned to be approved by the General Assembly tomorrow. The qualified majority is not sought in the Parliament for the state of emergency, but 151 deputies will be sought for the number of sufficient number.
The number of those who lost their lives rose to 14 thousand 351 
Speaking on behalf of the government and the state defender of the AKP Vice President Fuatoktay, those who lost their lives due to the earthquake rose to 14 thousand 351.
Oktay, in his speech in the Parliament, said: 14 In this big disaster, 14 thousand 351 people were killed and 63 thousand 794 people were injured as a result of the dent or as a result of the dent. In order to meet the temporary housing need, over 100 tents were established in the region and 1 million 255 thousand blankets were sent. ”
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/ohal-karari-meclisten-gecti 
Again to get off the desperate 62nd IB! 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T00:58:14+00:00
Modified Time: None
Description: February 3-9, 2023 - nearly 150-200 troops of 62nd IB community the farmers in Barangay Quinten Remo, Moses Padilla, Negros Occidental. Households are fueling
Images: [' central-negros-map-1024x745.png ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 February 3-9, 2023 - nearly 150-200 troops of 62nd IB was agreed with farmers in Barangay Quinten Remo, Moses Padilla, Negrosoccidental. The households were attacked by the areaparticular the scenario, oamay-oamay, unidosses, stabbed, santossantos, sunglasses and members of the barriles. The troops were spoken with troops, the Sities Tubod, Agogolo and began to be spoken by the Macagahay. As the military also dropped Sitio Bayalasan, Barangay Montilla all of Moses Padilla.
DAY February 8-9, the troops were also attacked by the city of Borban, Canlaon and Brgy Guba, Vallehermoso, Negros Oriental. The repugnant of the military is the 2 grenade launchers in the area at 7:00 and 9:00 pm, February 8, 200 military troops that invaded Brgy Hibaiyo, Guihulngan, Negrosoriental .
The presence of fascist troops continued to serve.
Schools and church are the military camp. The 62nd IB will continue to survive the CARHRIHL and LAYE of the GYERA contrary to the NICOL. Orlando edralin at 303rd Bde pa.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/02/10/liwat-nga-maghalong-sa-desperado-nga-62nd-ib/ 
Local BJP Leader Assassinated By Suspected Naxalites In Narayanpur District 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T05:20:43+00:00
Update Time: 2023-02-10T22:26:06+00:00
Images: [' bill-boholst-nak-hp-57-4k-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['Bharatiya Janata Party', 'BJP', 'Chhattisgarh', 'Chhote Dongar Health Centre', 'CPI (maoist)', 'CPI(maoist)', 'India', 'Narayanpur District', 'Narayanpur District Hospital', 'Naxal', 'naxalites', 'naxals', 'police', 'PPW in India']
Categories: ['India', "People's War"]
 Narayanpur District, February 10, 2023: A local BJP leader wasassassinated by suspected Naxalites in Chhattisgarh's Narayanpur district onFriday evening, police said.
The incident took place around 8pm when Sagar Sahu, vice president of theNarayanpur district unit of the BJP, was at his home in Chhotedongar village,said an official.
As per the preliminary information, two unidentified persons came on a bikeand barged into Sahu's house, shooting him with an AK47. Two rounds of emptycasings were recovered from the scene.
The injured Sahu was rushed to Chhote Dongar health centre but was transferredto the Narayanpur district hospital where he succumbed to his injuries, theofficial said.
"Prima facie the incident seems to be the handiwork of Naxalites butinvestigation is underway, he added.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/local-bjp-leader-assassinated-by-suspected-naxalites-in-narayanpur-district/ 
PC February 10: Travaglio/Il Fatto Quotidiano at the service of the state of state 
Author: fannyhill
Time: 2023-02-10T07:41:00+01:00
Images: [' svnSpLPNbbxHtaw2RYuaX7qP9AJb7pKZRmdNMDl1HrdBh2Q0TH7TbtNb61QCW5vddAhOXAW2dQmy9UJpgK0PYP5GgG3FKKqJ2Kq1kMCmg65Rmim+wJZzPylFbAM2Rf1y2nqBTWtzgc1Gg8Tc7wDbVqr6HWC7MWD7b4wKdaNrRp0SAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC ']
Dear Marco Travaglio, this time you died
Marco Travaglio in relation to the affair involving the so -called anarchistalfredo, and his request for abolition of the hard -haired prison regime as 41 bis, issues a declaration of no afflatocondivisible.
«Tomorrow Matteo Messina Denaro and the other bosses can start the umpterer of hunger, since they have made many against the 41-bis and not Seli has ever yarn nobody rightly. We would miss that the state sold that makes the hunger strike. * It is not bad because they torture it, it is bad because it refuses food and will refuse it even if they took it off the 41-bis, he wants to abolished him * »
And again: "There is a sum hypocrisy in those who want the 41-bis, except for the soy, and at the same time they say that so it is bad and we do not do a martyr. Tomorrow they are ready to say that if Messina Denarar Opera against 41-bis we have to satisfy it so as not to make it a martyr? Èun'apocrisia that is not clear ».
Oh no, dear labor, this time, unlike what happened to us times, we cannot tell us to agree with you: A political activist who has never killed anyone cannot be put on the plan -l '-l' Attack, in 2006, to the barracks of the School School Carabinieri Dedossano(Wedge)It was designed precisely to avoid dead - and exponents of the organized underworld who intended to be murderer, having made it or made in quantity. Bosio(Al), February 10, 2023
Stefano Ghio - Communist proletarians Alessandria/Genoa
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-10-febbraio-travaglioil-fatto.html 
From Germany: Solidarity with Mexico, Brazil and Turkey. 
Author: SolRojista (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: According to reports from the Middle DEM VOLKE DANCEN (serve the people) the mobilization of support to the poor peasants of Mexico and Brazil ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T08:44:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-10T08:51:24-08:00
Images: [' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-1.png ', ' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-4.png ', ' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-2.png ']
 According to medium reports demol volke are(Serve alpueblo) The mobilization of support to the poor peasants of Mexico and Brazil has been a success. The rally convened by the alliance against imperialist aggression(BGGA PORSUS ACLORAS IN GERMAN)It was held on February 8 in the city of Hamburg and was attended by several activists who denounced the chrimes committed by landowners and imperialism in Mexico and Brazil.
 The activists pointed out that the resistance against the interoceanic corridor of the Tehuantepec isthmus(Ciit)It is being threatened by the old state and their criminal gangs, and disseminated information about the most recent agrees against the communities of Santa Cruz Tagolaba and Rincón Tagolaba.(Plistedly instructed on February 8)Again it has been deferred by the Court in a dilatory. Information was also disseminated on the recent Decampesian slaughter in Rondonia, Brazil and the opportunity to inform about the situation that the masses in Turkey in the middle of the earthquake, holding the Erdogan's reactionary government on the lack of deplaneation and policies at the service of the people in the service of the people in That emergency._ _
 
_ _
Mantas and Portuguese blankets were deployed in the place in support of the Curo Red People's fight(Mexico)and the league of poor peasants(Brazil), just like flying flyers(Turkey).
Paralelamente hemos sido informados que el próximo sábado 11 de febrero habráuna nueva manifestación de apoyo a campesinos de México y Brasil en Oslo,Noruega. La convocatoria publicada en el sitio Tjen Folket Media (Serve alpueblo, half) Mention: _ "We invite all the anti -imperialists and friends of the peoples of the world to join to show Sudismo for the repression and state terror against the poor peasants deméxico and Brazil._ the 13: 00hrs ". _
Long live proletarian internationalism! 
Proletarians and oppressed peoples of the world, units! 
News Source: http://solrojista.blogspot.com/2023/02/desde-alemania-solidaridad-con-mexico.html 
two international days of actions for 24/25 february against the imperialist war and support to anti imperialist struggles, people's wars in the world 
Author: maoistroad
Description: PCI(Maoist), ICSPWI, new international mlm revew TWO-LINES STRUGGLE call for two international days of actions for 24/25 february against ...
Time: 2023-02-10T09:01:00-08:00
Images: []
PCI(Maoist), ICSPWI, new international mlm revew TWO-LINES STRUGGLE call fortwo international days of actions for 24/25 february against the imperialistwar and support to antimperialist struggles, people's wars in the world onbasis joint declaration 
all forces that partecipe can made texts and in all countries the form ofthe partecipation can be decided in autonomous form 
adhesion and info or 
ICSPWI adress csgpindia@gmail.com 
LET 'S DEVELOPE THE REVOLUTIONARY STRUGGLE AGAINST THE IMPERIALIST WORLDWAR PREPARATIONS! 
--DECLARATION--
All the imperialist countries proclaim to be defenders of freedom, democracyand world peace. They all pretext to fight against dictatorships andinternational terrorism. But, indeed, they are the worst te\rrorist dictatorsin the world. They speak about peace but frantically prepare for a new war ofglobal robbery. They strengthen the arms industry. They increase theirarsenals. They mobilize huge war machines mainly towards Eastern Europe. Theysponsor the already prolonged wars against the peoples of Palestine, Syria,Yemen. They are inciting the outbreak of new reactionary wars in the TaiwanStrait, on the Korean peninsula, in the East China Sea, on the Ukrainian-Belarus border, on the sea border between Greece and Turkey. NATO, commandedby Yankee imperialism, in Ukraine through the puppet regime of Kiev, confrontsits mercenary armies, weapons and military chiefs, with the military might ofRussian imperialism. Both sides concoct pretexts to use nuclear weapons. Theinter-imperialist contradictions sharpened to the point that a new nuclearworld war is no longer a latent imperialist danger, but an imminent risk forthe existence of world society and its habitat.
BasicallyThe ongoing proxy wars and trade wars, the emerging trade blocs andmilitary blocks, allotment of heavy military budgets, manufacturing colossaland mass destructive weapons, modernizing military forces and several types ofpreparations for world war even in space shows the neck and neck competitionfor the economic resources and political control over the countries of Asia,Africa and Latin America including several east European countries. All theseindicate the intensifying inter-imperialist contradictions and the scramblefor the re division of markets and world hegemony.But the same economic and social causes that push the imperialists to wars ofrobbery, become unlivable, unbearable material conditions for the slaves ofcapital, material conditions of the rebellion of the exploited proletarians,peoples, nations and countries oppressed by the monopolies and imperialistcountries. And it is up to the International Communist Movement to bring themthe revolutionary conscience, organize and transform the rebellions into arevolutionary struggle against the common enemy: the world capitalist systemof oppression and exploitation.
Com. Mao says that: 'World war may break out and revolutions may occur as aconsequence, or, revolutions may breakout everywhere and while confining itsstrength to with stand them, it may become impossible for imperialism toundertake another world war, whichever way it occurs this is as era ofrevolution'.
It is up to the communists to give an example of internationalist unity andstruggle against the preparations for a new imperialist world carnage; joinand coordinate efforts to promote the revolutionary struggle of theproletarian armies in all countries against the mobilization of troops andweapons for reactionary wars; construct a common front with all therevolutionaries, the anti-imperialist, democratic and environmentalist forcesthat oppose the war and the support and military commitment of the lackeyregimes with their imperialist masters across the world especially in semi-colonial and semi-feudal countries; reject and denounce as traitors theopportunist satraps who, in the name of the proletariat and the peoples, givesupport to one of the imperialist factions, when they are all deadly enemiesof the oppressed and exploited of the world; relentlessly support therevolutionary struggle led by genuine Marxist-Leninist-Maoist communists,mainly the people's war in India together with other people's wars inPhilippines,Turkey,Peru, today are the vanguard of the World ProletarianRevolution, against imperialism and its reactionary national watchdogs.
Imperialist capitalism is in crisis!Long live Socialism and Communism!
Or the revolution stops the war or the war unleashes the revolution!
Workers and peoples of the world, unite against imperialism!
Communist Worker Union(mlm)Colombia 
Construction Committee of the Maoist Communist Party of Galicia 
Maoist Communist Party - Italy 
Communist(maoist)Party of Afghanistan 
Communist Party of India(Maoist) 
Communist Party of Nepal(Maoist- Revolutionary) 
Red Road of Iran(maoist group) 
declaration supported also 
TKP-ML 
Reorganisation Communist - Brasil 
News Source: https://maoistroad.blogspot.com/2023/02/two-international-days-of-actions-for.html 
Tribune of the People’s Political Line on the Non-Binary Question 
Author: strugglesessions
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T10:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-07T05:41:54+00:00
Description: Note: The following document was sent in an email from the Editorial Board of Tribune of the People to one of the Support Committees. It is the closest thing we have to an ‘official position&…
Images: []
Categories: article
Type: ['Dogma', 'Rebellion']
Note: The following document was sent in an email from the Editorial Board ofTribune of the People to one of the Support Committees. It is the closestthing we have to an 'official position' of the Dallas-Cult on the question ofgender and sex. Not only does it show their blanket erasure and hatred of non-binary people, but also reveals their general transphobia, homophobia andmisogyny. If it means anything, To be absolutely clear: I post this documenthere to denounce and repudiate it.
I have tried to avoid adding my own commentary in previous posts but had todraw attention to the following line with respect to the underlying misogyny:"for women who use 'non-binary they still suffer the social status of womanand for men they still are granted the social status of men in the man womancontradiction." In the author's mind(likely either Ed Dalton or DavidMartinez), men and women are categories that apply to all people in all societies(even societies existing before or after women's oppressionexisted). Yet the nature of woman is to 'suffer' while the nature of man is to'be granted'. In other words the attitude of these men is to say, "blessed areyou, Lord, our God, ruler of the universe who has not created me a woman." Ifthe 'suffering' and 'being granted' which constitutes men and women no longerexists (in a society which has abolished the oppression of women), what thenwould it mean for an individual to identify outside the gender binary? Whatwould it mean to be a man or a woman anyway? Either we fix abiological/anatomical definition of gender, or we root the gender binary insociety, in which case it is subject to transformation and even abolition. Theargument presented here(repeated throughout the cult organizations)is onlysuperficially dialectical: its main essence is to define sex/gender as animmutable biological category, with one side being devalued in favor of theother.
To the Comrades in [Support Committee]:
Greetings, in the interests of not touching on the matter lightly we want tobriefly examine the question of the non-binary phenomenon from an MLMstandpoint, and issue this short document to develop line struggle anddiscussion. This relates to the use of “they/them” pronouns used to refer toindividuals in report backs.
News Source: https://struggle-sessions.com/2023/02/10/tribune-of-the-peoples-political-line-on-the-non-binary-question/ 
Stop the terror against the Mexican people! 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T10:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-09T23:49:50+00:00
Description: In the state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico, the poor peasants have for years fought against the imperialist mega projects that the old state is building in collaboration with the imperialists. The peasants are…
Images: [' sol-rojo.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
In the state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico, the poor peasants have for years huge maturity of the imperialist mega projects that the old state is about to build Islevis with the imperialists. The peasants are deprived of their land, so that there is huge wind farms on the tehuantepec ishmussen. In this way, the peasants are spoken, nature is destroyed and the population is moved.
The resistance that the peasants have provided for years is met with oppression and terror of the ancient Mexican state and its henchmen. In order to the battle of the breakers and the various popular movements that have undertaken the task of developing resistance to the imperialist mega projects, the state of paramilitary murder gangs on the population. This situation has been drastically worsened in the last few weeks. Several militant fighters have been arrested or have disappeared without a trace. On January 29, 2023, occupied -armed paramilitary forces on behalf of the great landlords society Rincontagolaba and threatened the residents, destroyed cultivated land and drinking water lines and laid -off shots to scare them. The national police arrived, but did not make the heavily armed paramilitary forces.
The Mexican State, with the help of the murderous gangs working in the process, is in the process of enforcing the interests of the imperialists at the expense of the people of the teahuantepec-Ishmussen, and any means is suitable. We are solid with the fighting poor peasants and the popular movements, which. The People's Movement Corrient Del Pueblo Sol Rojo(People's flow Rødesol), who tirelessly and sacrifice fights for the needs and interests of the people. All imprisoned the advocates of the people must be released. All the missing shell trays are presented live. An end to the Gamlememexican State and the suppression and terror of the Gamlemexican State.
 On February 4, Oaxaca/Mexico, the first collection of democratic authorities took place with the participation of authorities from different municipalities and representatives from different rural areas.
The questions of self -determination, self -government and land management, territory and resources were discussed and the following agreements were made:Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/02/10/stop-terroren-mod-det-mexicanske-folk/ 
PC February 10: detainees beaten and tied in the Biella prison, 28 agents investigated 
Author: fannyhill
Time: 2023-02-10T13:32:00+01:00
Images: []
Dal Piedmontese newspaper 
"The Prosecutor's Office opened an investigation against 28 agents of the police of the Biella prison for the crime of torture. According to the firstinformations it would seem that the 28(a commissioner and 27 agents)In several, they have tied and beaten some prisoners.
Specifically, the Public Prosecutor's Office contested at 28 three episodes that took place last. According to what is learned, the episodes were taken from the video surveillance.
At the moment the commissioner was arrested while the other 27 agents are aiddomicilia. For them the prosecutor asked for the suspension from the service. "
For these offenders there is the slight penalty of house arrest 
For Alfredo so that he has not injured anyone, 41bis, and Permeloni/Nordio ... can die 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-10ebbraio-detenuti-picchiati-e.html 
Hamburg: Kundgebung Gegen Massaker in Brazilien Und Repression in Mexiko.- Manifestation against massacres in Brazil and repression in Mexico 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: On February 8, the alliance against imperialist aggression (BGIA) carried out a rally to the massacre of several poor farmers ...
Time: 2023-02-10T14:49:00+01:00
Images: [' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-1.png ', ' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-3.png ', ' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-4.png ', ' Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-2.png ', ' movilizaci%C3%B3n_Hamburgo.png ']
 On February 8, the alliance led against imperialist aggression(Gain)Depreciation through to the massacre On several poor farmers in the Brazilian state of Rondina and the threat of the folk resistance against the interocean corridor of the iSthmus of Tehuantepec(Ciit)In argues Rincón Tagolaba(Rinconcito)in Tehuantepec, Oaxaca(Mexico)Entun. After the threats of the folk resistance, the BGIA had called for the major project in Mexico, for the rally. Shortly afterwards, the massacre on the poor farmers Brazil became known, which is why the BGIA updated and instant this cruel murders by the Brazilian state and its police -minded.
El 8 de Febrero, La Alianza Contra La Agresión Imperialista(Gain)He made Unmitin to denounce the massacre of several poor peasants in the Rondina Statobrasileñ(Ciit)In the municipality of Rincon Tagolaba(Rinconcito)In Tehuantepec-Oaxaca(Mexico). La BgiA convocó a lamanifestación luego de que se conocieron las amenazas que plantea laresistencia popular al gran proyecto imperialista en México. Poco tiempodespués, se conoció la masacre de campesinos pobres en Brasil, razón por lacual la BgiA actualizó su llamamiento e inmediatamente denunció estoshorribles asesinatos por parte del estado brasileño y su policía.
 | !(Images/Nuevo Peru/2023-02-10T14-49-00-01-00/Kundgebung_Hamburg_Brasilien_Mexiko_2023-4.png) ---|---
Flyers were distributed at the rally, informing about the situation in Mexico Ybrasil and many heard the complaints overhead. In addition to Lamasacre in Brazil and the threat of popular resistance in Mexico, the trial against partner Zapotec Salvador Pinal Meléndez, who fights against the implementation of the CIIT and for the defense of the soil, is also made. Suaudience in court coincided with the rally. Some slogans of the revolutionary movement of Brazil and the Poor Peasants League(LCP), as well as the Mexican Popular Organization Sol Rojo were chanted to Vivavoz to express solidarity with popular struggles and their heroicarer. Due to the situation after the earthquake in Turkey, he also distributed as a brochure in Turkish a declaration of the Turkish organization party, as well as a translation into German, in which the responsibility of imperialism and the Turkopopor reactionary government will be To people in the earthquake region.
 This amount of anti -imperialist battlefields, which have opened up in relatively short time, shows that imperialism is a dying system that does not even satisfy the basic needs of the masses and therefore the struggle of the peoples of the world is emphasized.
The anti -imperialist struggle must also be led in the imperialist countries, every massacre, every threat to the peoples of the world through the imperialists and their lackeys must be denounced and combated. This is why the BGIA has also announced that and further revolutionary, anti -imperialist and democratic powers have if the situation in Mexico or Brazil continues to be reinforced and the reaction continues to pursue its dark, murderous plans against the fighting people.
The importance of proletarian interantism shows diemexican comrades of Sol Rojo very well, so they wrote in the run -up to announced action on their website :
“ The mobilization in Hamburg in solidarity with the poor farmers in Mexicound Brazil reflects a high internationalist and proletarian spirit that we recognize and welcome. " 
This multitude of anti -imperialist battlefields that have opened in a relatively short time of time demonstrates that imperialism is a dying monitor that cannot even meet the basic needs of the masses and therefore feeds the struggle of the people of the world.
The anti -imperialist struggle must also be fought in imperialist countries, all massacre, all threat to the peoples of the world by imperialists and their lackeys must be denounced and fought. That is why the BGIIt has also announced that it will continue to mobilize revolutionary, anti -imperialist and democratic forces and perform actions if the inmedic or Brazil situation continues to deteriorate and the reaction continues with its planned plans and murderers against the combatants. people.
The Mexican Red Sol companions show very well the importance of proletarian internationalism, as they wrote on their website before the announced action:
"The mobilization in Hamburg in solidarity with the poor peasants Deméxico and Brazil reflects a high internationalist and proletarian spirit that we recognize and greet."
The alliance against imperialist aggression returns this greeting and it is a granelogio to receive the recognition of the companions in this way: with the Solrojo the people will win!
 Propaganda von Sol Red Für Die Kundgebung 
_ _
GE
Hamburg mobilization
Red sun propaganda for rally
Written by Pakr
February 9, 2023
Schrieben von Pakr 09 . Februar 2023
News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/02/hamburg-kundgebung-gegen-massaker-in.html 
Elche: Internationalist painted in solidarity against the repression of the current of the Red Sun and the Mexican people 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T15:37:53+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-10T15:37:53+00:00
Description: We share the following images that internationalist activists have sent us to our email. Slogans were painted as «Rincón Tagolaba is not touched, solidarity with the c…
Images: [' solidaridadmexico1.jpg ', ' solidaridadmexico2-1.jpg ', ' solidaridadmexico3-1.jpg ', ' solidaridadmexico4-1.jpg ', ' solidaridadmexico5-1.jpg ']
Type: article
02/10/2023
The repression of the old Mexican, landowner and landowner state, leaves us to important news that we have recently published in serving the people. Laister, an attack on the agrarian community of Rincón Tagolaba(Rinconcito)Located in Tehuantepec, Oaxaca. Armed subjects aboard more than 10 camiones arrived to the community with the clear intention of intimidating the population in retaliation by the collective determination of defending natural resources such as trees and water; You can read the happened by here .
Compartimos las siguientes imágenes que activistas internacionalistas nos hanhecho llegar a nuestro correo electrónico. Se pintaron consignas como «RincónTagolaba no se toca, solidaridad con la Corriente del Pueblo Sol Rojo / con elpueblo Mexicano» y «Viva la lucha del pueblo mexicano» junto hoces ymartillos. Las imagénes muestras distintos lugares del barrio proletario deCarrús (Elche, Alicante)
     Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/02/10/elche-pintadas-internacionalistas-en-solidaridad-contra-la-represion-a-la-corriente-del-pueblo-sol-rojo-y-al-pueblo-mexicano/ 
PC February 10: the mobilization continues for Alfredo Cospito, Taranto. The intervention of communist proletarians. Alfredo: "They decided to jumulated in a sarcophagus". 
Author: fannyhill
Time: 2023-02-10T17:56:00+01:00
Images: [' pref.JPG ', ' prefettura.JPG ']
TARANTO: New garrison to the Prefecture for Alfredo COSTIO, against Ladecision di Nordio to maintain the torture of 41bis 
 Representative and combative garrison this morning under the Prefecture, an incontinuity of the intense campaign in progress in Taranto with altribunal initiatives and to the prison in the days Scors i and as the first response to the 'murderer' infamedissa of Minister Nordio to reject the request for a diannuline of the 41bis for Alfredo.
The goal today was to impose a meeting in the Prefecture to bring the campaign to the palaces - the meeting was with a delegation of the derabrionary of the Self -Cononvoca Assembly to which AmnestyInternational was added. The signatures collected to the Court were delivered, the appeal of intellectuals in circulation at national level: "Fuoricospitato from the 41bis abolition of 41bis and of the impedimental life imprisonment", while insects  The participants' reporting interventions followed.
The organized realities that combine with the campagna are growing every garrison.
To take stock and decide new initiatives self -aware meeting allowed 14 from 5.30 pm to the Slai Cobas headquarters via Livio Andronico 47 -always open to all. _ from proletarian red rescue _ _Slai Cobas for the class union _ 

The intervention of communist proletarians at the Taranto prison 
https: //drive.google.com/file/d/1c_qmgn58uq3tjiqwilvavxf72rlzmtki/view? usp = share_link 
Alfredo: "They decided to jumulated in a sarcophagus" 
_Da Repubblica_According to Rossi Albertini, "from Nordio comes a weak motivation because quality is not non -offset
of the Association and wonders on the news contained in my request of the 13genrus of revoking the 41 bis to the anarchist ". And technically explains:" Ildecreare application of the 41 bis is based on the Bialystock process. Affirm that a neutral value of acquittal in that process of the defendants because IlFto does not exist determines a bit of bewilderment. However, Nordio speaks anarcho-insurrectionalist dams, but there is an evident discrepancies between the IlModello of organized crime and the political dynamics linked to anarchism. The 41 bis was applied by dilating the perimeter of the norm for silent, because it is too subversive ".
Manconi: "It is a strictly and exquisitely political decision, which does not arrive after two weeks in which a campaign tesa of the enemy has been set up. The simulation of a war brought to the state, a state of siege that our Republic would be suffering For anarchist leinials ... the invention of the enemy serves to justify larisiposto that the institutional representatives of the state have decided to give ". He reads that the strike of the Hunteparter would have to the category of non -violence, except in this casoperta because the phrase of Cosenito "The body is my weapon" would be a declaration of violence. Exchange it for a declaration of war is illiteracy, grammatical and syntactic ".
The lawyer is skeptical ... on the decision of the cassation of February 24: "In this one-sided climate of a siege, the party of firmness creates lapre-convenience for an unavailable judgment". The lawyer insists: "It would be deceased to think that Nordio's decision does not affect the Cassation". Essice still: "Is it possible that in 2023 an anarchist in prison for hunger strike can die? Is it possible that no one proposes a solution?
The no to compulsory health treatment. The lawyer says: "Forwards he can ethically weigh we will battle because he would be unresolved to coactively and forcedly so -called on a question on which he has expressed a clear refusal. They proposed it the doctors but so -called hagià said no in one of his writing. rape his will ".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-10-febbraio-continua-la.html 
International: News from the last days 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The war against Ukraine continues, with new matches east of the country. 17,000 dead have been confirmed in the earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. Pakistan is characterized by both economic crisis and acts of war, and in Tunisia…
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T18:29:28+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-10T18:42:33+00:00
Images: [' Design-uten-navn-2023-02-10T194215.599.png ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Internasjonalt'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

The war against Ukraine continues, with new matches east of the country. There were confirmed17,000 dead in the earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. Pakistan is characterized by both the economic crisis and the acts of war, and in Tunisia only 11 percent showed up voting in the election. 

UKRAINA: Russia prepares the Springoffensive and Long Long Last War 
Russian imperialism continues its offensive in Ukraine, but atukraine forces are reported on several important fronts. The main effort of Russian imperialism is Eastern Ukraine, with the main goal of conquering the entire Donbass(Donetsk and Luhansk county). Dette er ikke et enkelt mål, men analytikere sierdet er mulig – på lang sikt. I tillegg føres krigen også sør i landet. Densørlige aksen fungerer som en støtte for hovedinnsatsen i Øst-Ukraina. Kampeneden siste tida har likevel hovedsakelig skjedd i øst, hvor det er førtstillingskrig helt siden 2014. Flere analytikere sier at Russland nå gjør enrekke tiltak for å gjennomføre en ny og sterkere offensiv innen kort tid.Samtidig forbereder de en ny og utvida mobilisering, samt å forsterkekrigsindustrien og propagandaen, alt som et ledd i å kunne føre en langvarigkrig. Ukrainas president Zelenskyj reiser på besøk til Storbritannia,Frankrike og flere land i EU, for å ha møter og mobilisere støtte, medforhåpninger om å forsterke det ukrainske militæret med jagerfly.

Tyrkia: Jordskjelv og tomme løfter 
Jordskjelvkatastrofen i Tyrkia og Syria har per 9. februar kostet minst 17.000mennesker livet. Dette er kun det bekreftede antallet døde, og talleneforventes å stige. Tyrkias president Recep Tayyip Erdogan har innrømmet at dethar vært problemer med responsen fra myndighetene. Blant mange innbyggere brerdet seg sterk misnøye og frustrasjon over at redningspersonell manglerekspertise og materiell, og at logistikken fungerer dårlig. Tyrkia rammes ofteav jordskjelv, og i den forrige store katastrofen, som kostet 16.000menneskeliv, utformet myndighetene nye lover som skulle sørge for at alle nyebygg tåler jordskjelv. Nå er flere nybygg rast, og de borgerlige politikernesløfter har dermed igjen vist seg å være tomme.

Pakistan: Bombeangrep og økonomisk krise 

TUNISIA: Only 11 percent turnout 
The first country where the rebellion rose and threw the old regime under "The Arab Spring" which began in 2010 was Tunisia. The president who had forty years of power was thrown, after major protests against the economic crisis. The "financial crisis" broke out in 2008, leading to a sharp increase in prices of food and fuel, a basis for a wave of rebellion in North Africa and the Mid-East. Recently, Tunisia conducted a parliamentary election that became boycotted most parties in the country. Only 11 per cent of voters' professions of the elections. The dissatisfaction with the authorities is enormous. The problems of the masses can be solved within the imperialist system.
References The World in Brief | The Economist Last New - NRK Institute for the Study of War 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/10/internasjonalt-nyheter-fra-de-siste-dagene/ 
Activities in the past weeks 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The match committee reports from solidarity night in support of political prisoners in Iran, marking the day of the Sami people, distribution of flyers and posters against the war and the increased prices. They mobile…
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T18:50:32+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-10T18:50:35+00:00
Images: [' samefolkets-dag-1.png ', ' AT6vjFnR8Po17GbKshfB6zXmYMTSa2XamkcPu8DVEooDvTKGcvfNSPBnSOlokGBeZIAwrQOUcRthivlupijl7OVcYbnOGnouoog0Cuq62wvDEVMYQx7psC1F5nXF4JL-QTZcH-PlZ4jHowJFz_54gME ', ' mN_CvVbkUdweRHAUqL4g4ejyC-yg41--g0teIynxJkWQeQCozchznEkQ3QlXulj1nRRwCPVDbY3J2QhxqiKhrUH4_vhH6jfAtXUJoMly-KpQlapmaP4bNPMxzScaznNL5xU2hwDhas2JbONf9c7nSEQ ', ' Qq3Uj61Td32tdFp_RAiic9eRzdppkL_pb6a-Fpa1d2C_yloKKrt0EG-CmmLBAKN2MR8LBdy28oiKe5vbLad_Tq2XRya7bXB9exSIHBwDFfGncKfJglH_HlkunbC6z8hOBuOt8VYewoN_EBajMfL1pIg ', ' uNtSZxZ5h6Ij_pc3S_v6y7lBkaBNVV7bU0XhzRVySRMcLmJph-y8WetrIqLcQtX3d1p5Fl-nCQxXKdj7MPnSYuG3SuOUIThwoPzWZwGaegTGkHiaWr-ZvCyHNw35q2qaT4ZX2ESd0MuV9P8crEh56vQ ', ' 0IVaWxfpj-HIbK90iBp6kyGfkAyLuwljuEdkXcwZPRgqtBgnqmj_dNH9SlTDdhc2oQRKr_dWjeMyPfUjdr05nPoSZ7-fDGNc4scrQeOOeGQ_LGJPWvZamRHlZkqVJsq0zGn1fzKxv0JVDvcKpma0-XQ ', ' PFvSRmSACJ622o1GWYD4qybBFtYm0pllCQTS8dh5GVkNymQ0QkjfvenpES8srT-6SNjggfxgfe3GGKIbLflLx0V2dP1KWQu8KVnW2GKE56-IBdm3cMVSqrWlEfYxBYYl5zIj-zLFRbRqUdeEPCoNjBw ', ' ZJNmlxei3G66A7jQtS7Kzj6VolT7pUUIqGtPmPlMLmEzEFQGXYUYfagyFZDGqaxxIqQ3vLHeNkyK4B7HzSAqWvPJSa0tTFVC15LpbQMC-Ygx9wZi77o5ye9ls-kmngR7yLjL_Yn9oXkJjMLJDSev-iY ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Aktiviteter'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

The Fighting Committee reports from solidarity night in support of political prisoners in Iran, marking the day of the Sami people, distribution of flyers and posters against the war and the increased prices. They are mobilizing to marks against the state of reprisal in Mexico and Brazil, and against animal times and Russia attack wars. 
Contents
OSLO: Solidarity with political prisoners in Iran 
The combat committee participated in the panel with the red, the women's front, the Worker-Communist Party of Kurdistan on a solidarity night organized by the Solidarity Medrøndrolution in Iran. There, all the panelists expressed their views on the attitude that one should have to the rebellion in Iran and what can be done to support the rebels sitting in captivity.
The combat committee emphasized the international context in which Iran is part of a global wave of rebellion in the world. The fact that our attitude must be internationalist to the people of the world's fates are interconnected, as the delegate from the women's front also expressed. The combat committee declined to beg the rulers of freedom, that the best support one can give is to organize and develop matches here and that a higher degree organization in Norway and in Iran will make more direct and practical helpful. Otherwise, it was emphasized that enlightenment work is not useless, mendimot increases the price fascism in Iran has to pay for the executions.
The walls were decorated with pictures of people, mainly youth, who were in danger to be executed, or had already been. Videos were shown in the fighting in Iran and the solidarity activities that have been carried out inorge. Music, Don Martin, former member of the street parliament, was played and raped.
 
TRONDHEIM: Down with the war and the increased prices! 
 
KRISTIANSAND: Live the Sami People's Fight! 
In Kristiansand, the day of the Sami people has been marked with Sami food and drink, music and appeals. The match committee organized the markings together with solidarity with Romer and Romani, Latin American groups, NKP Agder and Telemark, Kristiansand MDG, Lindesnes SV and Antiracist Agder.
Appeals about indigenous peoples' struggle and about the struggle for rights and now, about the Norwegian state's assimilation, colonization and predator, the nature of the Sápmi, on wind power turbines, mining and dumping in fjords. It also made a post about Elsa Laula Renberg who was an organizational builder, activist, midwife and reindeer husbandry. She was the first Sami woman to gave a book, the martial script Inför LIF or Död , where she encourages the organization and bump how the colonization of Sápmi faithed the Sami's existence of their own people. She was at the forefront of the first Sami national meeting on February 6, 1917, and the day was adopted by the Sami Conference in 1992 as a Sami -National Day.
 
OSLO: Stop the terror against the people of Mexico and Brazil! 
The combat committee invites all anti -imperialists and friends of the world's people to show their disgust at the state reprisal and terrorist counterbalance in the countryside of Mexico and Brazil.
Join us: Stovner metro station Saturday 11 February at. 1300
Stop the ongoing massacre against the poor farmers in Brazil!Stop the terror against the people of Mexico!Live the league campones Pobres - LCP!Live Coriente del Pueblo - Sol Rojo!
Stjørdal: posters for demonstration against the war and the increased prices 
On Thursday, February 9, activists from the match committee set up posters with "down with the war and increased prices!" To mobilize for demonstration courage and imperialist war. The posters were hung in the center of Stjørdal, Hell, Hommelvik and Sveberg.
Join a demonstration against animal time and Russia's war of attack!Friday, February 24, at. 17:00 on the square in Trondheim. References Oslo: Solidarity with political prisoners in Iran [Trondheim: Down with the war and the increased prices!)(https://kampkomiteen.net/index.php/2023/02/03/trondheim-ned-med-krigen-og-de-okte-prisene/)[Kristiansand: Live the struggle of the Sami people!)(https://kampkomiteen.net/index.php/2023/02/09/kristiansand-leve-det-samiske-folkets-kamp/)[Oslo: Stop the terror against the people of Mexico and Brazil!)(https://kampkomiteen.net/index.php/2023/02/09/oslo-stopp-terroren-mot-folket-i-mexico-og-brasil/) Stjørdal: posters for demonstration against the war and the increased prices 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/10/aktiviteter-de-siste-ukene-16/ 
PC 10 February - Also at the State University of Occupation alongside Alfredo and against repression 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-10T18:54:00+01:00
Images: [' photo1675936139.webp ']
 
the Milan Statale occupied in solidarity with Alfredo COSTITO 
Thursday 9 February 2023
Yesterday morning about fifty students of the Milan State University of Milan occupied a part of the building in via Festa del Forgono in solidarity, Alfredo's struggle, so on 41bis and the impedimental life imprisonment.
After various city mobilizations - last under the Opera prison where Alfredo is where the University is also insorying in solidarity with the Dialfredo struggle that has been carrying out the firing strike for more than one hundred days to request the immediate abolition of the 41 bis regime Edel'ergastol impedimental. The 41bis is a real torture, because the conditions of detention that is useless to be unnecessary against the prisoners who suffer it, sometimes adanish these people both from a physical and psychological point of view. For this reason, as students of the state road, we decided not to remain inheiles and give life to one
Day of mobilization that led to the occupation of the cloister in Farmacia, a space closed during the year and used only for discoveries during the exposure of the "Out of Salone".
After the occupation, the day continued with the posting of Varistriscioni throughout the University, among which a disolidarity message stood out for the students of Bologna affected by the repression with precautionary various various.
Subsequently, the social lunch took place and in the afternoon two assemblies, first the student one who saw the participation of various realities of the schools and the university and then that town to which Hannopreso starts various realities of the city assembly against 41bis and ergastolo
Also during the evening we welcomed the news of the occupation of the Eastern University of Naples with joy which followed that of Rome and Milan, a good sign that shows that Italian universities are alive and react to a positive way in support of the struggle of Cosenza.Political ecology Milan
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-10-febbraio-anche-alluniversita.html 
PC February 10 - Venice, the Faculty of Letters of the Ca 'Foscari University in solidarity at Alfredo Cossedo occupied 
Author: redstar
Time: 2023-02-10T21:07:00+01:00
Images: [' 330007139_1244697659498855_965843024724989787_n.jpg ']
Venice, after a participatory assembly, yesterday evening, was the headquarters of San Sebastiano(Easier)Against 41 bis in solidarity in Alfredo. 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-10-febbraio-venezia-occupata-la.html 
Anti Social Behaviour Patrol- Tallaght - Anti Imperialist Action Ireland 
Author: isrmedia
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T21:50:34+00:00
Description: In a response to a call from residents, members of Anti Imperialist Action Tallaght held an Anti Social Behaviour patrol in the Mac Uilliam estate Dublin 24. The purpose of the patrol was to engage with the small number of youth in the area who are engaging in anti community behaviour, that has some residents […]
Images: [' 3298CA91-81D8-4B4D-84D3-D284E64A5467.jpeg ']
Categories: ['AIA']
Type: article
 In a response to a call from residents, members of Anti Imperialist ActionTallaght held an Anti Social Behaviour patrol in the Mac Uilliam estate Dublin24.
The purpose of the patrol was to engage with the small number of youth in thearea who are engaging in anti community behaviour, that has some residentsafraid in their own homes.
Working class estates like Mac Uilliam have been abandoned by the Free Stateand neglected for years. But there is a strong community spirit and throughthe patrols we will encourage the youth to engage in more positive behaviourand not to be intimidating residents in their own community.
Republicans will always respond to residents and communities who ask for ourassistance. Republicanism is the Revolutionary movement in this countrybecause it is of the community and rooted in working class areas across 32Countries.
News Source: https://anti-imperialist-action-ireland.com/blog/2023/02/10/anti-social-behaviour-patrol-tallaght/ 
Anti Imperialist Action Munster Remove Dangerous Drugs from the Community - Anti Imperialist Action Ireland 
Author: isrmedia
Publish Time: 2023-02-10T21:52:56+00:00
Description: Following a serious incident members of Anti Imperialist Action Munster were contacted by concerned parents and residents within a small community, who were extremely worried about ongoing anti-social behaviour and drug dealing in the area. Our members listened to the concerns, and fears expressed and this community felt that as the issues raised were not […]
Images: [' B14A1E4D-0CBC-416D-B4DB-DFAF0077123D.jpeg ']
Categories: ['AIA']
Type: article
 Following a serious incident members of Anti Imperialist Action Munster werecontacted by concerned parents and residents within a small community, whowere extremely worried about ongoing anti-social behaviour and drug dealing inthe area.
Our members listened to the concerns, and fears expressed and this communityfelt that as the issues raised were not against property of the State ordevelopers including rack rent landlords, that the forces of the State wereignoring their appeals for help, especially around the issue of drug dealing.
The attitude that drug dealing is everywhere and a fact of life in ghettoisedcommunities and that the under resourced services just can’t cope are apathetic attempt at excusing the lack of care the State and its organs havefor the working class and their communities.
We believe that the ongoing epidemic of substance misuse in our communities isa direct result of the lack of a wide variety of services for communities andfamilies suffering it’s ill effects, the second strand to the ongoing abilityof “low level” drug dealing is the mindset by the State that they are anintrinsic part of the intelligence gathering apparatus of the State, caughtwith “small” amounts these dealers are released back into the community andallow to continue death dealing if they will supply information on otherswithin their dealers network and or others within the community with whom theState has issues, political and social activists being the main targets ofsuch low intensity operations.
Our members acted upon the information of the community and removed a quantityof prescription medication hidden in an area around a children’s playground,these were subsequently disposed of using a medically approved system for themedications and items were likely to be of an extreme risk to health and life.
These prescription medications can be life threatening if a child ingeststhem, they are also a risk if mixed with other substances. Quetiapine Increased risk of death due to dementia-related psychosis.Increased risk of suicidal thoughts.
Venlafaxine is contraindicated if it causes worsening suicidal ideation,depression, anxiety, and psychosis. Caution is advisable in heart failurepatients, hyperthyroidism, and those with recent myocardial infarctions as itcan raise blood pressure and increase heart rateRevolutionary Republicans will always stand with the Community!
News Source: https://anti-imperialist-action-ireland.com/blog/2023/02/10/anti-imperialist-action-munster-remove-dangerous-drugs-from-the-community/ 
The fascist Turkish state, which is incapable of the earthquake, massacres in prisons 
Author: ['muhabirhasan']
Time: 2023-02-10T93:00:00-04:00
Description: The policies he has carried out so far, after the economic crisis, under the earthquake -based earthquake ...
Images: [' UPOTUDAK_logo2-e1647349442477-wpp1647349477787-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 The policies he has carried out so far, after the economic crisis, the state under the earthquake of Maraşmerkezli, when the sequence massacre when the hawk is cut. The Turkish Affairs left the prisoners in these prisons to death.
The fascist Turkdeme, which was not visible in the most important hours after the earthquake, caused thousands of people to freeze from the cold because it was not intervened immediately. While all the people were curious about the situation of their relatives after the earthquake, all the prisoners with their relatives and the individuals in the earthquake regions wanted to get information in the situation of their relatives with great concern. As usual, they could not get enough information and showed their reactions including rebellion.
The insensitivity of the earthquake victims is more than captive. Instead of giving information about their families, the prisoners were suppressed by the demands of the prisoners, 3 prisoners were massacred in Hatay T Type Prison and 12’si. In the intervention, many detainees were heavily tortured. Similar sensations are on the agenda for Malatya Prison.
As Upotak, we once again condemn the attacks on the prisoners in prison households and the massacre in Hatay Prison. We call on the ownership of the prisoners.
It is the right of all prisoners to get information about their families ! **
Down with the fascist Turkish state! 
Upotak- International Political Products Committee 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/deprem-karsisinda-acze-duesen-fasist-tuerk-devleti-hapishanelerde-katliam-yapiyor 
Ecevit Piroğlu's return to Turkey was broken for the second time 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-10T95:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 10.02.2023 | The International, which has been a prisoner in Serbia for 19 months, has demanded the return of Turkey ...
Images: [' ecevit-piroglu-1-620x350-1-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 10.02.2023 | The decision to return the Internationalist Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Ecevit Piroğlu, which was a prisoner in 19 months, was broken for the second time by the Serbian Court of Appeal after the hearing on January 18th. The high -end sent the file to the lower court again. Details will be reached in the coming days.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/ecevit-piroglunun-tuerkiyeye-iade-karari-ikinci-kez-bozuldu 
A mass meeting for earthquake solidarity in Kagef Association 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-10T97:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 10.02.2023 | In Frankfurt Kagef Association with earthquake victims for solidarity purposes ...
Images: [' 43bbb37d-9db1-40ca-b3ab-bd7f0283baa1-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 10.02.2023 | A meeting was held in Frankfurt for the purpose of making earthquake victims at the Kagef Association. In addition to the financial support in the meeting, the assessment of the Sırasurec and what to do in the coming process was about what to do.
In addition to a short study, a long -term study should be carried out in the event where victim families and solidarity friends attended and a large participation committee was created. The committee to continue the public meetings in the face of regular developments.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/kagef-derneginde-deprem-dayanismasi-icin-kitle-toplantisi 
The governor of Mendoza against the Constitution and the original peoples 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-10T97:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: The National Institute of Indigenous Affairs (INAI) approved the folders of the technical, legal and cadastral survey, with resolutions published in the Official Gazette of February 3, 2023, to 3 Mapuche communities: Lof the Sosneado located in San Rafael, Lof of his LEUFU by Malargüe and Lof Limay Kurref of the Molles Malargüe de la & Hellip;
Images: [' Mendoza.jpg ']
Type: article
 The National Institute of Indigenous Affairs(Hense)approved the folders of technical, legal and cadastral relationships, with resolutions published in the official of February 3, 2023, to 3 Mapuche communities: Lof Elsosneado located in San Rafael, Lof Suyai Leufu de Malargüe and Lof Limay Kurrefde Los Molles Malargüe of the province of Mendoza.
We have read these resolutions, such as the 47/2023 and are fully adjusted, faithfully respecting the constitutional mandate of article 75 subsection17, Resolution 169 of the ILO, incorporated as a supra -constitutional norm, faithfully respecting Law 23,302 and its regulatory decree, the law 26,160, its validity extension laws and its regulatory decree, and article18 of the new Civil and Commercial Code, which derives to a specific law that still exists, the Indigenous Community Property Law.
This fact, very positive for the indigenous communities of Mendoza, have urged a great political, legal, historical and social stir, where numerous reactionary, unconstitutional attitudes, falsehoods, misrepresentations, misrepresentations, misrepresentations. And at the same time answers in defense of the laws and historical details based on the truth.
First we will deal with the sayings of Governor Suarez, who has said that it is against the delivery of land to those communities, that in them there are actives of Mendoza as oil, etc. That will first resort to administratively and then judicially the resolution of the INAI, because it would not be constitutional.
Strange that a governor says that they "deliver land." To say this is to miss the truth, when the fact is not that, but the approval of a carpetate, legal, cadastral why lie?, To enervate encouragement in society. Second: Knowing that any administrative and then judicial resource that impulse will be denied, but that generates expenses in lawyers, useless, useless, expenses paid by taxpayers. This attitude is totally contradictory, politically and legally, with the dispositions taken by that governorate and its predecessor, of assignments and concepts of thousands of Has for tourist ventures, such as sulfur sa, instead of border Property Anglo Malaya.It seems clear that Suarez and Cornejo are added to the racist andxenophobic campaign of their partners of together for the change, Mauricio Macri, Miguelpichetto and Patricia Bullrich that they raise, daily revive the Argentine genocidajulio roca and ask for repression, they propose to intervene with the army in the internal internal security . Is this the defense of the Republic that postulate?
Pichetto, who alerts against separatism from a tiny sector of Mapuches, should worry about the separatism proposed by the cornejo senator. Unfortunate that these Mendoza intend(Construction Sports of the Wind).
Han sido coherentes Suarez y Cornejo, ni un paso han dado en avanzar con laley 23.302 y crear un organismo provincial para tratar la problemática de lascomunidades indígenas, ¿acaso realizaron la consulta libre, previa e informadaa las comunidades indígenas, cuando cedieron tierras para grandesemprendimientos privados?
Están en contra de la Constitución del 94, que consagró los derechosindígenas, ¿acaso no fue la redacción de esa Constitución el resultado delimpulso político que le dio el líder y presidente de la UCR: el Dr. RaúlAlfonsín? Tantos enojos tienen cuando los indígenas recuperan un poquito desus derechos y tanta complacencia cuando se entregan los activos del país alsaqueo de monopolios extranjeros.
No creemos que el pueblo mendocino, que ha dado sobradas muestras de luchadiciéndole No a la Minería, hoy se haga eco de lo dicho del gobernador.Tampoco creemos que acompañe esta cruzada anti originaria y anticonstitucionalcontra el INAI y las comunidades indígenas. Pero el debate social estáabierto.
Who can ignore the trawunche(parliament)from San Carlos? Surneculñanco, Huentecurra, Venancio Cañoepan and more than 100 lonkos(Caciques)Where they granted permission to pass and at the same time joined the fight against the Liberating Army, they were protagonists of the Triunfo Dechacabuco and Maipú. And of a Mapuche civil war to expel the Spaniards from its suterritory.
We do not want to be disrespectful with the professor and researcher of History Desan Rafael, Dr. Andrea Greco, who divides Puelches and Pehuenches of the Mapuche and associates them with the Gununa Kune, partialities of the Tehuelches, what did he study? Who did he read? What did he investigate? Of course, he does not speak of the viewing of Puelches and Huarpes, he does not talk about the clashes in 1770 Entreparcialities Pehuenches, he does not make any reference to Amigorena, to the latter of that time, and speaks of a massacre of the Mapuches about the Pephuenches and Puelches, this lacks the Truth, a falsehood. We call Ladra. Greco to study again, because if he gives advice and historic foundations to Suarez and Cornejo, he leads them to the precipice.
Of course, other notable researchers have spoken as DiegoScholar has done with correct and grounded appreciations, it will surely continue and take position from different sectors. From the original in the fight we pay struggle, solidarity, vision of rescue of the true story and we do very seriously, because we are part and we have demonstrated it very recently in the meeting of nations and native peoples in Neuquén, of the fight for unity, the defense of the 26,160, the struggle for the Common Property Law, for the historical reparation for the more than 40 villages pre -existing throughout the country.
We call all the native peoples and nations and all the social, union and political sectors to accompany us to mobilize the 19 Deabril to Buenos Aires, for our rights.
Margarita Peñailillo , Coordinator of the Movement of Originarios in Lucha
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-gobernador-de-mendoza-contra-la-constitucion-y-los-pueblos-originarios/ 
Open your door to solidarity 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-10T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Our people who are hungry for solidarity of our door have launched a new campaign as ATİK. He knows ...
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-02-10-at-21.31.44-1-e1676067097916-620x330.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-02-10-at-21.31.44.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Bildiriler', 'Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 Open your door to solidarity 
Our sensitive people, we have launched a new campaign as ATİK. You know, our geography is experiencing a great disaster, and only traumatic negativities continue after the earthquake. Although the aid campaigns continue at all speed, the disruptions and inadequacies continue to take away the life of our people.
If we cannot provide help to our people, we believe that the monitoring of their hands will not be a day. It is our call to our sensitive people.
We have four walls, everyone who can say that I have a roof to sound to the call of Atik, we are not solidarity with our people who have been abandoned to the orphan in the Karakış.
WASTE
 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/kapini-dayanismaya-ac 
Solidarity with the Kurdish, Sirius and Turkish peoples 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-10T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: We express our most fervent solidarity with the Kurdish, Syrian and Turkish peoples for the tragedy suffered with the three earthquakes of February 6, 2023 and that will affect much of the Kurdish communities in that area leaving tens of thousands of dead and injured. And as always, those who suffer most are & Hellip;
Images: [' Siria.-Foto-de-Medicos-sin-fronteras-1.jpg ']
Type: article
 We express our most fervent solidarity with the Kurdish, Sirius Yturco peoples for the tragedy suffered with the three earthquakes of February 6, 2023 and that affects a large part of the Kurdish communities in that area left of the length of thousands of deaths and injured.
And as always, the ones who suffer the most are the poorest, displaced and appressed peoples, since to the conditions of a very cold and raw winter, dozens of buildings that collapsed having been built as seismic enzymes have been built without complying with the indispensable requirements of security.
The widest international solidarity with peoples that in addition to suffering the persecution of the Turkish reactionary government of Erdogan, or the Civil Afratricid war in Syria headed by Assad, suffer from these natural catastrophes.
Revolutionary Communist Party of Argentina 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/solidaridad-con-los-pueblos-kurdo-sirio-y-turco/ 
Artists - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T87:00:00-04:00
Description: There are many weeks that the mobilizations of artists (students and workers) continue, being a thorn in the government, which so far refuses to satisfy their demands.
Images: [' poreia_kallitexnes00_0.jpg ']
Type: article
 There are many weeks when artists' mobilizations continue(Students and Employees), being a thorn in the government, which as far as it refuses to satisfy their demands. With a question in question of PD85(A diastle on the State's maiden, which is not only about artists), but also a situation that has been deepening here, the movements on the part of students and workers are escalating.
The many years of precaritation, volatility, hunger wages - a reality that are well and those who go to study - have taken the world of artistic roads with many opportunities during the Lokdos period. Even with the cause of the arts censorship. Now the PD85, which squeezes down their troops, was the drop that overflowed the glass.
For many more weeks than they would probably expect, the ODIADIES themselves, in Athens and Thessaloniki has created a acquis: weekly marches with significant mass in both cities. Especially if one is basically demonstrating the space of the arts, without a wide -ranging of other portions of people and youth, then the importance of these figures other heights. And this is only about the crowd that demonstrates. The escalation of movements by demonstrators is also the way.However, and despite the intense collective and claiming procedures that are being carried out, they remain specific problems that characterize the oral movement. While workers' unions are involved, they seem to have some difficulty in moving if they do not "pull" the protesters. This has to do with both the chronic inaction of their leaders and their bourgeoisie. For example, there are there are constant talks with PDs, ministries and other politicians of the system, in essence, in essence, saying that these matters is the main field of claim. At the same time, despite the decisions of the Associations and Associations, their leaderships do not gather members to go down the mobilizations, while on the other hand, they are in a poor manner, such as The KKE Constables, which with its well -known "Student Associations' decisions" lowered dozens of members. Requests are dominated by the modification of the PD so that it includes artists or the proposal in the system on how to form artistic education in the country.
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/artists/ 
Ekpaideytikoi - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T89:00:00-04:00
Description: Starting with the most blackmailed part of the industry, the government begins the attack on individual evaluation. Specifically, the formal process of permanently after the appointment for the newcomers turns it into a vehicle for the passage of individual evaluation, through the fact that it makes their individual assessment mandatory for their permanently.
Images: [' ακ-εκπαιδευτικών.jpg ']
Type: article
 Starting with the most blackmailed part of the industry, the government begins to deprive individual evaluation. Specifically, the formal process of hosting two years after the appointment for the newcomers, is convened in a vehicle for the passage of individual assessment, through the fact that it makes their individual assessment mandatory prerequisite for their accommodation. The industry is alarmed and angry for yet another administration, an anger that has forced trade union leaders to call on, on strike and on strike-to-beard from individual assessment(Although the latter has limited momentum in this phase, where blackmailing is essentially called to fight the battle).
Οι ηγεσίες στις ΟΛΜΕ–ΔΟΕ κάνουν ότι δεν καταλαβαίνουν ότι η φύση της επίθεσηςαπαιτεί συγκρότηση κεντρικής μάχης κόντρα στην πολιτική αυτή. Κεντρική μάχησημαίνει: α) Mass General Assemblies To be able to participate in the race in the race, to break the logic of assignment, b) Demonstrations To make up teachers in body and voice that deals and resists and does not negotiate with those who are supplied, c) Strikes Why the above are left unhappy without the strike. Because this is how the workers have conquered the right time.
Given the correlations to OLME-DOEs and the goals of the basic strengths there, the federations have no intention of fighting this battle. Their 'ambitions'(of 'opposition' at least)They reach a slight government deterioration of the government and the relief of indignation to electing their body. With this, it seems even bigger the gap left by the lack of primary ELME and SEPA unions, which, through massive consensus, must form this battle. In the same context, traders have to activate all weapons and tools. Establish from the General Assemblies COMMITTEES OF RACE Messengers for interventions in schools and organization of the race. to be activated or made - where there are no - strike funds for the economic support of the race.At the same time, the forces(Even out of the communion)They insist on underestimating the depth of the attack, through assurances of "perfectly legitimate forms of struggle" and other illusions that do not help to form the struggle to be. It would not be an exaggeration to say that some of the forces that supported suggestions OLME-DOE from within are waiting for them(or maybe they wish)Strike strikes and strike/abstinence illegal, so that it has OKLADO ... "beat" again and walk in the elections.
Despite the political difficulties, the industry is opposed to the attacking assessment. The overall deterioration of the work conditions and the pilgrims who disappear in a few days also form a decisive confrontation with what the evaluation brings and which are perceived by educators.
If the OLME-DOE leaders want to do a strike and unravel, it must with its mass participation to impose immediate and escalation of mobilizations.
With basic goals:
-The direct and unconditional construction of the newly -built
-The overturning of the evaluation
-The real increases in wages
With organizational measures that will trigger teachers, with commissions and coordination between ELME and SEPA. In forms of struggle that will get out of the classrooms, with strikes and mass demonstrations.
Without illusions about legal forms of struggle and "struggles" without any kind of kind, without electoral illusions and pre -election paralysis, teachers can give the necessary struggle.
The success of the strike and demonstrations on February 15 is critical for how and how this race will evolve. The fighters and the fighters are in the racing movements of teacher, as they gave the battle to massive general assemblies, so they will decisively give the success of the strike and demonstrations. And with the same firmness they will fight so that 15 February is not the end, but the beginning of a great struggle.
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/ekpaideytikoi/ 
Syriza - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T91:00:00-04:00
Description: « hard » Opposition of « teeth » Al. Tsipras at a press conference he gave on 31/1/2023 in Zappeion. Describing the government as morally and politically deprived, it called for the dismantling of the House and the immediate announcement of the elections on a date even in February.
Images: [' tsipras-bouli-2-4-2021.jpg ']
Type: article
 His "hard" opposition "teeth" showed Al. Tsipras in an interview with 31/1/2023 in Zappeion. Describing the government as a political and politically deprived, it called for the dismantling of the House and the immediate proclamation of the elections on a date even in February. It was announced that MPs of the SYRIZA Opposition Opposition will go from the next votes of the House, excluding the debate on the "tackling the attempt to bring the criminal tribute to the neo -Nazis" as he said.But it is not the use of the same pre -election "games", which aim to nath the waters to the people, which bring them so close!It is the same service of the same anti-populist-anti-organic citizenship, it also sucking themselves to find points of controversy!That is why Syrian day focuses on espionage and scandals. Because the essence of the tomono that has to do with the people and the workers is the continuation of the system of the system that brings misery, cold and poverty for Tolao, hunger wages, working conditions and continuous work "accidents" for workers and repression and wood In the youth that will seek to claim her rights in studies, work and freedom. Tsipras did not say about this government policy, as it is the same policy that has served in the past and will serve a dead future(direct or not)If the system needs its "services". The laws that the government passed by plundering popular income, hitting a democratic right, tattered the future of youth, engaging in the country's war plans of the imperialists, SYRIZA MPs were priests and in quite a bit!Now that the elections are at a distance of a shooting distance, they have recognized the political decline of the government and do not want to niche its legislative work!Even on the issue of the auxiliary only, SYRIZA is essentially denounced is the espionage of the post -MEP, MEPs and journalists, forgetting that they are watching tens of thousands of others, how many thousands of people are watching them. of his government. It does not, of course, talk about who opened the whole issue of surveillance, nor what interests are basically served. And how to do, since he himself will go on the same policy!
It has the audacity to address the people, the same people from whom their Politics has outlined any concept of rights, and to call him democracy and social justice!While calling for tapestry parties, social bodies, self -government and Tyndicians to set aside any differences and to create a confidence wall of the protection of democracy, voting for SYRIZA apparently ...
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/syriza/ 
Ekloges - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T93:00:00-04:00
Description: Since last summer we have entered a constant pre -election period with a main feature ... constantly leaking dates which are denying reality, to… leak new, keeping in constant anxiety and permanent pre -election activity and fermentation both bourgeois politicians and bourgeoisie. most forces mentioned in the left.
Images: [' kalpi.png ']
Type: article
 Since last summer we have entered a constant pre -election period with a characteristic of… constantly leaking dates but are being detached from reality, to… leak new, keeping constant anxiety and permanent pre -election activity and fermentation both the political personnel and the mentioned left.
Many attribute the delay in calling for election to the so -called simple proportional election(with a 3%ceiling, so as not to forget)that SYRIZA had voted for and that this is short -circuited the "next day" as it creates problems for a self -sufficient government in the service of the local ruling class and the imperialist rulers.
And if the American imperialists were the ones who put ice in Mitsotakia elections last fall as the war conflicts in the inkraine were exacerbated and demanded complete commitment and alignment to their debt, they were the European imperialists who were so farmers. Mitsotakis and in every direction that they are not intended to downgrade the role and the dominant dominant in the country and the region, upsetting the bourgeois politician about where the developments will lead.
Let's be clear. It is not the electoral system - that many, in their revivalist delusions, consider it a "opportunity" - to delay the announcement of the election date, is not much more so, the electoral system is not the electoral system that determines the critical election. The criticality of the upcoming elections arises from the political controversy of the period both for the system as a whole and for its cultural representatives and the people. Each for different and opposite reasons.
At a time when the attack on the system of exploitation, oppression and imperialist dependency is manifested by waves in life and tadms of the working people and youth, even today it is supposed to have a "relaxation" due to a pre -election period, it is revealed that it may be revealed. Politics is a permanent choice of "all -and -white".But even this anti -labor -anti -populist politics, along with the slavery and intensity of dependency, are not enough to satisfy the aspirations of the local ruling class and the imperialist rulers.
On the one hand it requires the full subjugation of the working people and nenia so that it is an easy choice to load on their backs the "broken" of the crisis and the deadlock of the local system. To self -establish fascism, the suppression of strikes and mobilizations, anti -labor -anti -unionist laws are fully implemented, so anti -communist propaganda is strengthened and legal regulations are prepared.(allegedly)They will prevent today and in the future will rest those who refer to the Left and the Communist Movement, who are not subject to civil legitimacy.
This reactionary policy finds the reaction of the people, who is facing the expansion of capitalist precision that brings about infliction and misery to large parts of it. Despite the fact that many of us in the area of the left do everything they can to keep their racing outbursts and mobilizations, it is certain that the people and the youth are not willing to sacrifice the interests of the local system of the local system. of his imperialist protectors. And this is a major obstacle to the aspirations of the system's potential, inside and outside the country.
On the other hand, strengthening the bonds of imperialist dependency today by US-NATO also has its "Avaries" as the side of the imperialists requires stability in NATO's southeastern wing in a periodic period of war-clasing in Ukraine. He signifies that steps of temporary or more medium -term compositions in the Aegean, Cyprus, in the Southeast Mediterranean should be taken. These "understanding", however, remove the territory of Turkophagia on which the current policy of the ND government is set and it is certain that they will create serious friction inside it.If for the bourgeois and imperialist staffs, their focusing focuses of a powerful anti -populist government for the people and youth is difficult and critical as they have to decide whether they will receive false dilemmas of "rescuers"(Say with SYRIZA)or 'repentant' systemic(Say me with day 25)Either they will choose the path of organizing, resistance, claiming and the confrontation with the forces of system.
On this road they will encounter significant obstacles that will have to be overcome, as there are excess of the electoral and parliamentary illusions that scattered the KKE and on the other of the extra -parliamentary Left.(ANTARSYA, LAE et al.). Από τη μία το ΚΚΕ, έχοντας μπει σε προεκλογική τροχιάεδώ και μήνες, με προοπτική να κινείται στην ίδια τροχιά μέχρι τον επόμενηΟκτώβρη (self -administration)And having declared a movement of movement, he promotes the "government power program" in search of the "gap" of kinematic reformism previously SYRIZA. On the other hand, in the elections for the extra -parliamentary left, they re -recycle the "transitional programs" that collapsed in the summer of 2015, to find points of contact with each other that does not even meet on the road.
In these conditions the intervention of the KKE(ML)Currently both with the proposal of coordination and joint action of organizations and colleges stanked fronts of struggle and with the proposal for Pan -Hellenic anti -war joints in February against the unjust war in Ukraine, the Tonadritis competition of the local bourgeoisie of the Greek bourgeoisie. The US - NATO, for the friendship and solidarity of thelas, are our contribution to the development of the terms of movement as a Timonian outlet for the labor -popular forces to the challenges of the weather.
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/ekloges/ 
Blinken - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T95:00:00-04:00
Description: A tourist tour in the Middle East, with controversial targets, was performed by US Foreign Minister Blinken on January 29th. The reason was the US attempt to alleviate the tensions and rise of violence between the new Israeli government and the Palestinians.
Images: [' blinken.jpeg ']
Type: article
 A tourist tour in the Middle East, with controversial targets, made UPEX of the US, Blinken, on January 29th. The cause of the US attempts to alleviate the tensions and rise of violence between the new Israeli government and the Palestinians. The tour started from Cairo(has been scheduled for a long time)and completed in the next 2 days Setel Aviv and Ramala.
In Cairo, Blinken, in addition to Palestinian, unleashed a wider agenda on the issues of the area. As announced, he discussed the "political transition" efforts to Sudan (ie US controlled), as well as the launch of consultations on elections in neighboring Akrithocora, Libya. He also referred to developments in the war of Ukraine, looking for a "common place" to strengthen the "strategic co -operation" of the US -Egypt and in general "its support against Sedithic challenges".
In today's context, with imperialist competitions exacerbating the war in Ukraine, which affects all the "open" fronts and in the area of the wider Middle East, it is natural that the US is particularly reflected in particular for the evolution of the balance there. Mutual suspicion with Turkey exists and is inhabited, forming a cloudy landscape towards the evolution of bilateral relations. Even the "investment" of Juinsington in the Syrian Kurds is in danger of being blown up in the air of Erdogan-Assad, promoted by Putin.
The situation in Israel, in terms of the country's political scene, is not considered negligible to the US. Blinken visited Talaviv and Ramala in the shadow of yet another bloody confrontation that captures Netanyahu's government. Whose relations with the Bidenex government are followed mainly in terms of the Turan nuclear program. And he would probably prefer to have Trump's interlocutor and not Biden. The fact that the revival of the 2015 agreement has been possible to give ground for dialogue.A few hours before Blinken arrives, an Israeli invasion, a more lighter raid for years, in Jenin, on the occupied West Bank, shook the lives of 9 Palestinians followed by a deadly response from the Palestinian East Jerusalem, while the Israeli Army. Since the beginning of the year, Israeli -Palestinian Synthesis has claimed life in 35 Palestinians(mainly civilians and children)and 6 Israeli citizens(of whom a minor). Ανάμεσα σταπρόσφατα ισραηλινά μέτρα (targeting special Arabs and Palestinians who have Israeli nationality), what is estimated to reinforce bloodshed is the easier and faster acquisition of licenses for the rest of the Israelis.
Under these circumstances, the margins of the US Foreign Minister was limited and no significant developments were expected, with analyzes focusing on Washington's ability to influence the course of events. Other times, a US Foreign Ministry tour of the Middle East Signal Signal as Expectations to resolve the Palestinian as the confirmation of the Concomitant Regional Stabilization under their control. While now ... "The best they could ensure is to stabilize the status of Israel in order to avoid a repetition of May 2021_," said Miller, Miller,(American former negotiator), judging that… “This visit does not signal no change in the US position in terms of Israeli -Palatine conflict(…)Beyond expressing their birth support for the solution of the two states - again!So what does it signal?
Blinken's visit to Israel reflects Washington's will of Washington Jaggish reconnect with Prime Minister Netanyahu, who returned to a stronger, certainly taking advantage of the US involvement. The main causes of concerns in the policies of policies, except for Palestinian, are that there is a risk of napkin and other open fronts in the wider area. This is how Biden's freeze is interpreted in the revival of the 2015 agreement for the Iranian nuclear program.The agreement with Lebanon, in 2022, in the demarcation of marine zones, was characterized by Biden, who promoted her "historical achievement", is now being trained. But also the "Abraham Agreements", that is, the process of releasing relations between Israel and Arab countries, are on a row, with Netanyahu cultivating hope that Saudi Arabia will once be integrated. dissatisfaction and mutual suspicion.
Lately we have had a "wave" of US officials visits to the pride. Prior to the arrival of Blinken, CCIA Burns, , arriving in Israel, **, which, in addition to the Israeli leadership, also visited Tramala, where he met senior Palestinian officials. Neither in the case nor the other was made. It was preceded by the visit of the White House National Security, Jake Sally. So many high -level visits in such a short time rarely occur. It is speculated that these were for possible preparation of a Netanyahu visit to L.oko within the month.
All of these are movements that betray the deeper concerns of the IPAs about the future of power balances in the region, which are shown to be on their own if they continue to demonstrate the strategy that has characterized their policy in the Middle East in recent years. The US is no longer "playing" alone in the region and is an obvious location of their influence in Syria and Iraq, especially since the fall of 2015, which Russia, alongside Assad, has established its presence and is accepted as a factor in the region even From ... Tel Aviv. It is obvious that the Russian presence in Syria places Israel in weakness strongly supports US choices in Ukraine!On the other hand, Iran -Russia adopt is intensifying Israel's reactions and, possibly, the recent attack is related to this issue. Finally, China, which makes its presence more noticeable all over the globe, seems ready to set up in the area of the Middle East.
Based on today's data, the US is urgent for a relief in the West. The question is what percentage of mediating gravity have been deprived of decades. The current administration of L. Vice will undoubtedly seek to seek the restriction of losses in recent years.
XB
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/blinken/ 
Seismos - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T97:00:00-04:00
Description: The 7.8 Richter earthquake on February 6th drew millions of people in Turkey, Syria and in areas of Kurdistan to death and misery. It was followed by 7.5 Richter at noon the same day to finish the disaster.
Images: [' dpkqs5m7zy6oi2nnxb5hzsyv2m.jpg ']
Type: article
 The 7.8 Richter earthquake on February 6th dipped millions of people in Turkey, Syria and in areas of Kurdistan to death and misery. It was followed by 7.5 Richter at noon on the same day to take up the disaster. Diyarbakir, Alexandreta, Pazardzik, Elbistan, Adakia, Osmaniye, Gaziantep, Urfa, Imalatia, Kilis, Antipiaman, Adana, as well as other cities and villages and villages of Turkey, were shaken.
The results as the days go by prove to be more and more devastating. Lives looking for their children, friend, neighbor, their people, their people. Many are afraid that the dead are very much at their 1999 earthquake in Izmit.
As the hours and days go by and hope for life under the ruins, it gives way to despair, in unbearable pain, it becomes church, cry, anger. Rescue crews have not reached all the affected fields, many have not reached any machine. With their hands fighting Turks and Syrians getting trapped. Unfortunately, the walls that fell as if they were a matchbox, while the shortages of water, food, tents, blankets, medicines worsen the situation. After the first, the question of where the state is in is heard from more and more in Turkey. Rage takes the place of lament. Ankara trade unionists are still waiting for them to take them to rescue, but - as they say - they have no answer. And humanitarian materials from left -wing unions and Kurdish organizations are discovered. Journalists are arrested for the government's criticism of more, affected people are threatened with arrests if they talk to the media about taps they are facing.In Kojaeli's earthquake in the area of Izmit(Nicomedia)With the 18,000ths, it turned out that in the tragedy the circuit of construction industry in Turkey had played an important role in the tragedy. Regulations violations, licenses without controls, close ties with the government, corruption. In the echo of this tragedy, new regulations were issued to protect buildings by earthquakes. But these measures were once again undermined by the government policy. Buildings that were not complying with the regulations were parties with a fine, in accordance with the Erdogan Government's 2018 Amnesty Law 2018. 13 million buildings were legalized with this system. Such cheaper buildings became the tombs of the poor. The Government of Actogan has passed laws that allow violations of the regulations. In these constructions there were people who are now under the ruins and on the road. The so -called residential development was based on the construction of construction and the predatory exploitation of nature. Those who complained and resisted them, were arrested, persecuted and struck.
The promising element is the outbreak of international solidarity by trade unions, popular lands and bodies from many countries around the world. Among them in Greece, at a time very critical for the contradictions of the two bourgeoisie and the relations of the two peoples. The Turkish people and with them the peoples of Sisiria and in Kurdistan are in front of a new major test. Solidarity is very important. Both to save lives, and to build strong solidarity bridges in the common struggle against war, nationalism and imperialism.
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/seismos/ 
Politiko - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-11T99:00:00-04:00
Description: And if half of our heart is here, the other half with the peoples of Turkey and Syria is!The peoples who mourn the tens of thousands of dead and look for sounds in the ruins that they find their lost children, relatives, friends and neighbors.
Images: [' πειραιάς.jpg ']
Type: article
 And if half of our heart is here, the other half with the peoples of Turkey and Syria is!The peoples who mourn the dozens of their dead and look for sounds in the ruins that they find their children, relatives, friends and neighbors. The hundreds of thousands of people who, without blankets, food and care, are out of the frost, and their calamity becomes a tool in the hands of the world's largest bosses, who in the name of "humanity" unfold their horrifying cynicism. To load the earthquake destroying -caused by insatiable hunting of profit -on the backs of poverty. To promote their arrangements, that is, the war arrangement of the countries of the region.
How much "ours" is this calamity!How similar in causes and results, in lies, cynicism and farms, like those we lived in earthquakes, snow, floods and fires over and over again. But how much likes with all the similar calamities that the peoples live in the four actions on the planet!And not only the peoples of the region and the so-called "Third World" but also the peoples of the Metropolitan and leadership forces of a Tuki-Imperialist system.
If we consider all this, it is obvious for us what it signifies and she is. The decline and rotting of capitalism. Its barbarism is shown under the burden of its impasses, which are exacerbated by the clinical and bloody peoples for peoples imperialist competitions. The urgent need for the struggle of the peoples to stand against this barrenness. To defend the life that is depreciated, the nature that is destroyed. To defend the present and pave the way for the future. The future of workers and peoples. Without exploitation, war, poverty and poverty.
War Preparation Visit In this context and in this warm juncture, the visit of the Foreign Minister to Greece and Turkey is a visit to the preparation of war plans !Tayth-Russian warrior. It is a visit to which the "good kid" of the US, Greece, will first give the "good example" even greater offering to the American imperialism!Already the latest developments(New US Systems in Thessaly, Military Personnel Shipment to Ukraine)They are predicting an even greater involvement of our country and our people Stoskinos of the devastation set up in the heart of Europe. However, there are still many that can be "offered" to the murderers of the peoples. Arranges to be Mediterranean, interventions in(west)Balkans, contributing to the approach to the Black Sea of Submarines planned to be sent to Ukraine from the US-West!How "symbolic" and how detecting real -life was the downside of the American aircraft carrier in Piraeus?
That any of them or others are formed on Blinken's visit to Athens will be the tools of the US Foreign Minister on his visit to Ankara. Where he seeks to tow NATO's "bad kid" in more effective for American interests.
With this war baguette, the US was leading and leading the parallel political-elective developments in the two countries. This is a "friendship" for war !A "friendship" ordered to serve a broader war mass!A "friendship" that not only does not solve but more striking the reactionary competition of the two bourgeoisie as it holds up(and up to bilaterally promising)All of the issues of megalogyisms and maximalisms that characterize them!Each one hopes that in the scene of a devastating "something will take" from what is roles in the region and the so -called "sovereign rights" in the Aegean and A. Mediterranean ... The "homeland" of the big class ... 
In this "homeland" that serves the murderers of the peoples and is ready for reactionary adventurism against the peoples of the region, ND, SYRIZA and PASOK are sworn in!For this "homeland" they are filled with war bases the whole country and decide again and re -arrears of billions of euros at the same time that our people sink into poverty and freezing!At the same time that in Ierapetra, in Rethymnon and Seole the country the people are left without hospitals who are dissolved for the sake of "fiscal stability". At the same time as medieval labor relations and an entire framework for the overthrow and suppression of the active -launch struggles to become a "normal country". At the same time as the "recovery fund" tune(that brought "growth"!)It is already in a hurry to issue a new ten -year bond in March!
For the government's management of this "homeland" it becomes the doggie of elections, a fight that has no trace of questioning about the big imperialist bosses of this "homeland", a fight that treats Tolaos as a beggar who can be "fooled".
A dual -page of Sunday's 5/2 step entitled "The Wealth and Evia of the Great Greek Clubs" _ It was revealing we would say about tantopal bosses of this "homeland". In the two -page parade all heavyweights of the big order and provided the(given)Confession of their profits in the conditions of the war and more likely crisis. At the same time, it is recorded - albeit in terms of urban realm - that this ejecting is due to their parasitic - metaphorical characteristics(e.g. energy)and in the loot of public wealth(e.g. Greek and recently the acquisition of LARCO). Μια εκτίναξη κερδών δηλαδήπου σε τίποτε δεν έχει να κάνει με την παραγωγική συγκρότηση της χώρας αλλάαντίθετα με την παραπέρα απόσυγκρότηση της όποιας παραγωγικής της βάσης ακόμακαι στον πρωτογενή τομέα!Μάλιστα είναι χαρακτηριστικό ότι στο ίδιο φύλλο τουΒήματος σε άλλες σελίδες καταγράφεται ο «κίνδυνος αφανισμού της ελληνικήςκτηνοτροφίας».
... and the homeland of the people! 
This "homeland", which is a war basis of the US-NATO-EU imperialists and is an enemy with the Turkish people and the peoples of the region is not a hepatic of the people. The people are struggling and claiming their own homeland! This will be more than the imperialist bonds military, financial and political. The one that respects the homelands of neighboring peoples and is bent by their side in the struggle against war and imperialism. The one that will form and conquer bonds of friendship, solidarity and peace all the peoples of the region. And, of course, in this homeland, labor and the people will not have local bosses in their neck. They will not be slaves, they will not live in a society without rights and freedoms. They will fight and build their own society, the socialist!
This is the only true and realistic resolution of the contrast of the Labor Order and the people on the one hand, the bourgeoisie and its imperialist patrons on the other. A contrast that has no "bridges", a contrast that is becoming increasingly chaos and explosive in today's warehouses. A contradiction whose resolution by conquering independence and the struggle for building socialism can only be done by the re -revolution.
However, this contrast is unmistakable and chaotic "every day and moment" of the people that the people need to defend and claim their tadms and life. This is the political, ideologically and organizational basis and the consciousness that every small and greater struggle needs to form and conquer. To be able to win and success. To make up the revolutionary perspective that this struggle can have. All this is not at all obvious in the cloud of the edition of the days and the ... months we are going through. All of this is obscured or overturned by the electoral and parliamentary cretinism on the left which is also a symptom and manifestation of the compliance and submission line.
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/ps934/politiko/ 
