马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
 2023-02-08

English 

GDP growth, “away from the stomach” 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-02-07T00:16:58+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-07T00:55:12+00:00
Description: The people, especially the poor, are not proud of Ferdinand Marcos Jr. According to the group
Images: [' 2023020_reused-kurot-kahirapan-929x1024.png ']
Categories: ['Ang Bayan', 'Articles']
Type: article
 The people do not feel, especially the poor, the proud Noferdinand Marcos Jr.(GDP or local production)of the Philippines. According to the Kadamay group, the "Far Sasikura" of the Poor Filipino is the "Development" of Marcosjr's "Development". They do not expect the "President President" to meet their abdominal stomach.
The poor mocked Marcos Jr's reign as the "hungry era." According to State Statistics, grew up to 20 million(increased by 2.3million)The poor in 2022. Most of the hunger suffered between October and December last year due to the rising prices.
“Flash in the Pan” or something that just passed quickly and the Bird Foundation's call to the GDP's proud growth. "Rebound" is just a matter of the intense economic collapse caused by the tight lockdown during the pandemya. It will surely have a steep drop this year, according to the institution.
The government is just cheating on the public in connection with growth, according to the bird. It only wants to put up the "Great Timing" of Marcos Jr to the economy. In fact, it will not last long because the "growth" has been resolved from the historical 9.5% of the local production collapse in 2020. “It will return(economy)in the former pattern of slow growth before the fate. ”
In fact, the slowdown in the fourth room of 2022 has begun where the economy has changed 7.2%, slower in the entire 2022. The "revenge spending" or increased spending of families(household consumption)has been in the second bedroom of the year. There was no expenditure even during the holiday season.
Meanwhile, agricultural production has fallen for the third year. According to state data, local agricultural growth in 2022. Prior to that, production in the sector by -1.7%(2021)at -1.2%(2020). Kahit noong 2019, di signipikante ang paglago ngagrikultura (0.3%). Sa magkasunod na tatlong taon, bagsak ang pananim atpangisda. Bahagyang tumaas ang produksyon ng livestock (1.9%)But it is not impaired to increase the development of the entire sector.
Not a solution to the crisisThis PDP, according to the institution, has been ninth to the "development programs" from the time of the Marcos dictatorship. From then to the present, these programs have focused on implementing reforms in "free trade." This simply means that export-to-export production will continue as the reactionary reactionary to attract foreign investment. 
The bird presented state data stating that the portion of export production grew from 16% of the GDP in the 1980s to 40% in 2000.(5% of GDP)to 29% currently.
In front of it, the manufacturing and agricultural manufacture of the manufacturing and agriculture from 1950. Also, the number of employees' employment will diminish.
PDP 2022-2028 will further devour the country into a severe crisis. This is because the plan of globalization policy is structured by extensive employment, poverty and lack of development in the past four.
Instead of developing, the regime will continue to kill the productive economy, in particular agriculture, through no importance. It will not provide support even for current production.
Similar to the economic plans of the previous reactionary regimes, it has no intention of giving workers a living wage and program for land reform, increasing prices for agricultural purchase of farmers and other reforms to lift the life and livelihood of the majority of Filipinos.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/02/07/paglago-ng-gdp-malayo-sa-sikmura/ 
US and Philippines military exercises in Ilocos, criticized 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-02-07T00:17:58+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-07T00:51:01+00:00
Description: The National Democratic Front-Ilocos condemned the planned launch of the 38th Balikatan Exercises by Filipino and American soldiers in Ilocos Norte on April 24-27. It is set
Images: [' ilocos-norte-municipalities-1024x745.png ']
Categories: ['Ang Bayan', 'Articles']
Type: article
 The National Democratic Front-Ilocos condemned the launch plan of 38 Balikatan Exercises by Filipino and American soldiers in Ilocosnorte this coming April 24-27. It is set for 16,000 soldiers, according to preliminary news.
According to NDF-Ilocos, it will be the second military exercise to launch in Ilocosnorte. The combined training of the Philippine Marines Atus Marines was first conducted in Currimao and Laoag City in June 2022.
In the statement of Col. Michael Logico, who will lead the military execution, set Barangay Bayog, Burgos as an "operational area". The Bayog coast is available as the Coastal Airdefense site. Live fire exercises will also be conducted here to test US warfare equipment.
According to the NDF-Ilocos, it will endanger the Ilocano people at the Philippine sovereignty. They also warned the dangers of environmental exercise including the possible destruction of coral reefsa ocean of the area. Accordingly, live fire exercises will endanger the community of fishermen and farmers.
US-RP Balikatan Exercises are outlined at the Mutual Defensesetreaty and Visiting Forces Agreement. In addition to Ilocos Norte, there are parts of this in Fuga, Calayan and Batanes.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/02/07/planong-ehersisyong-militar-ng-us-at-pilipinas-sa-ilocos-binatikos/ 
Police in Southern Panay, BHB's eliminated 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-02-07T00:18:01+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-07T00:33:16+00:00
Description: The New People's Army (NPA) -Southern Panay reports the armed actions it has launched in recent months against plague police and military forces in the southern part of the island.Pinapu
Images: [' northern-samar-armed-action-1024x502.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Ang Bayan', 'Articles']
Type: article
 Reported by the New People's Army(BHB)-Southern The armed actions have been launched in recent months against plague police forces in the southern part of the island.
The NPA unit fired the detachment of the 2nd platoon, 1st Iloilo MobileCompany of police in Barangay Mayang, Tubungan, Iloilo on February 1. Bagonito, the People's Army fired the CAFGU detachment in Barangaytubudan, San Remegio, Antique on January 28.
Meanwhile, on December 11, 2022, the NPA ambushed the joint San Remegio Municipal Police Station and the Antique Mobile Force operating in Barangay Aningalan, San Remigio, Antique. Two policemen were injured in the ambush.
On the island of Negros, the NPA-Southwest Negros devoted 15thib soldiers to an encounter in Sitio Malipayon, Barangay San Jose, Sipalay City on January 18. Three were confirmed killed in the 15th IB while seven wounded.
The NPA-North Negros fired the CAFGU detachment in BarangayBandila, Toboso, Negros Occidental on January 31.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/02/07/pulis-sa-southern-panay-binigwasan-ng-bhb/ 
Marcos then and now: puppet, fascist and torture in town 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-02-07T00:19:01+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-06T15:59:13+00:00
Description: It is clear to Filipino people Ferdinand Marcos JR, current chief of puppet state, is no different from his father's forehead ' y dictator: Both they are puppet, fascist, corrupt and nasty
Images: [' 20230207_editorial-cartoon-1024x724.png ']
Categories: ['Ang Bayan', 'Articles', 'Editorials']
Type: article
 It is clear to the Filipino people Ferdinand Marcos Jr., the current chief of the puppet state, is no different from his father-in-law: both puppet, fascist, corrupt and torture, and indifferent to the hunger and suffering of .
These reasons bind and pushed the people to revolt for more than three and a half decades later. It also binds them today to fight to advance and defend their own rights and well -being, and their desire for true proverbial and democracy. Like the father dictator, Marcos Jr. uses the decaying and most distorted ways of the ruling class in the construction of the crisis of the semicolonial and semifeudal system in the Philippines.
Marcos Jr. is submissive in foreign powers and has no luxury in the country's surrender and welfare of the country's independence and welfare to the power of power, especially the US and China.
Neoliberal policies started by his father in the 1970s, Marcos Jr. He pushes the todo-largangliberalization into investment and importation on behalf of the "full open door." It is given all favors and promises to foreign capitalists, especially low wages to workers and non -taxation. Foreign capitalists are also given the most freedom of the land of the farmers and minority citizens, and the wealth of the mountains, rivers and oceans.
For decades these policies have destroyed the livelihood of the people, the local production and economy of the Philippines. On behalf of liberalization of importation, foreign goods in the country are allowed to pile up and the local production, especially in agriculture. The peasant masses are no longer able to breathe because of the amount of imported rice, variety, onions, garlic, and even salt. On behalf of deregulation, bourgeois compradors are released big compradors, and importer Atismagler(which is usually the same people or family only)To make the price of commodities too much.Like the crooked priority of his father and the following governmental government, Marcos JR's health, education and other social services are lacking. On the other hand, the funds that have been derived from the Armed Forces of ThePhilippines have grown in size(AFP)To buy helicopters and warships, as well as bombs, ammunition and other warships that will be used to use, intimidate and break the resistance of the people.
Marcos Jr.'s declaration of "everyone's friend" is a policy of slavery to everyone. In concrete, he recently agreed with the US government and military plan to set up five more military bases in AFP military camps in Cagayan, Isabela and Palawan. It is planned to use them to station troops and to place the shooting to focus on China. Marcos also agreed that US warships and NGAFP warships and forces were supposed to have a joint patrol. These measures are part of the US military strategy used by the Philippines, including Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and other countries, which are available for use in the China war, as it has used in Ukraine for guarantee Russia.
Meanwhile, Marcos seems to be doing nothing in the face of China's continued use of seven military facilities that have built many of the Philippine maritime territory. In fact, Marcos invited the China Construction and Communication Corporation, a China government-governmental company that is famous for bribery and corruption. This is among the companies of the Philippines in the massive damage to the Philippine ocean. Marcos has invited the operation of this company to the Philippines, in exchange for an additional loan from China.
As in the time of the Marcos dictatorship, corruption is now insertion. In addition to accepting a bribe to foreign companies, Marcos JR has recently been revealed to the large-scale, some of which is a relative of Liza Araneta's wife. Marcosang also hurriedly developed the Maharlika Investment Fund to raise hundreds of government funds and put on his favored businesses.As under Marcos Sr, the masses, peasants, peasants and entire people under Marcos JR, were in the masses and hardships, while the landlords, large comprador and foreign capitalists, were swimming in luxury and luxury. In the face of their oppression and exploitation, it is clear that there is no other path for the people but the revolutionary resistance.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/02/07/marcos-noon-at-ngayon-papet-pasista-at-pahirap-sa-bayan/ 
Atik: We are with our people in the earthquake zone! 
Author: kaypakkaya haber
Time: 2023-02-07T07:44:00-04:00
Description: EMERGENCY CALL!
Images: [' yardim.png ']
 On Monday morning, February 6, at 04:20, the earthquake of 7.7 magnitude from Pazarcık district of Maraş; In addition to Maraş, Malatya, Mardin, Bingöl, Elazığ, Siirt, Sivas, Van, Muş, Bitlis, Hakkari, Adana, Osmaniye, Batman, Urfa, Kilis, Diyarbakır, Antep, Hatay, especially to Northern Syria, Rojava provinces It was felt in the area. Intense damage and cankaybi occurred in the earthquake. According to the latest official statements, only thousands of people lost their lives in the Kurdistan section of Turkey, while around 6,000 people were reportedly injured. In addition to the collapse of many houses, buildings, hospitals, the transportation of airports and roads due to the serious damage to the transportation, the addition of winter conditions are more prosperous. In addition, while the artisans continue, new earthquakes are said and there are still many people under the debris. Recovery or teams still have not been able to reach many areas, the people continue their own power. Therefore, it is a lot of more than the official figures described by those who lost their lives.
However; The information given in the media remains within the borders of Turkey.
Atik, new woman and YDG; First of all, we wish to get past our people, we share their suffering, the relatives of those who lost their lives, the wounded people wish urgent healing, we are with them.
We know; Fascist T.C. The current representative of the state. Erdoğan and Şürekası AKP + MHP government will again pour crocodile tears in the disaster of our people today and that their pain is great.However, in vain… The magnitude of the grievance in natural disasters is not natural, the only responsible is the state officials and the reality of their interests.
Let us enlarge solidarity with our people who are victims of earthquakes! 
European Confederation of Turkish Workers(Anthrim), New Woman(YK), Yenidemocratic youth(YDG)aspect; We have launched a donation campaign with the aim of solidarity with our people of Earthquake in Kurdistan and in Derojava with our people and to deliver the campaign.
We invite all our people, domestic and immigrant democratic forces, especially in all of our institutions that operate in European geographies, to be in front of this disaster, to participate in the campaign and strengthen. With the donations you will send to the bank account number we are down, let's wound the wound of our people who are eligible in the earthquake!
He kills state policies, not an earthquake! 
Let the border doors to be provided with solidarity with Rojava earthquake victims! 
Donation Account: 
WASTE
ING Bank N.V. Amsterdem
"SPENDE ERDBEBEN 2023"
IBAN: NL08 INGB000 6068972
BIC / SWIFT: INGBNL2A
31
News Source: https://www.kaypakkayahaber.com/haber/atik-deprem-bolgesindeki-halkimizin-yanindayiz 
Ati̇k: We are alongside our people in the earthquake region 
Author: kaypakkaya haber
Time: 2023-02-07T07:48:00-04:00
Description: Urgent call for help!
Images: [' atik_yardim.jpeg ']
 On Monday morning, February 6, around 04:20, an earthquake of magnitude 7.7 is approached in the district of Pazarcik, in the province of Kahramanmaras. Enplus de Maraş, it has been felt in many regions such as Quemalatya, Mardin, Bingöl, Elazı, Siirt, Sivas, Van, Muş, Bitlis, Hakkari, Adana, Osmaniye, Batman, Urfa, Kilis, Diyarbakır, antep, the Hatay, North of Lasyria and the Rojava provinces. The earthquake has caused major déses and losses in human lives. According to the latest official statements, thousands of people have lost their lives in the Dukurdistan region of Turkey, while 6,000 people were injured. The rescue efforts become more difficult with the addition of winter and transport difficulties caused By the ladestruction of many houses, buildings and hospitals, as well as the grave of airports and roads. In addition, dozens of replicas ones were recorded, before a new earthquake of magnitude 7.5 and there are many people under the rubble. Rescue teams and Aiden’Aid have still not been able to reach many areas, and the people are continuing rescue efforts with their own forces. Covering, it is true that the number of people who have lost their lives and wounded is much higher than the official figures announced.
However, the information disseminated in the media remains only in the interior of the borders of Turkey. In northern Syria and La Rangion of Rojava, hundreds of people lost their lives and thousands of others were injured ... In addition to being a cross -border and Deguerre area, difficult weather conditions aggravate the problem in the region.
Like Atik, new woman and YDG; First of all, while transmitting our expense to our people, we share their pain, express our condolences close to those who have lost their lives, wish a speedy recovery to our wounded and declare that we are by their side.Our people living in Kurdistan of Turkey, whose fascism only comes to the Esprit in the electoral period, has been ignored for years with the Politics of Destruction and Negation, and its vital resources have been destroyedly destroyed by war policies. Despite the fact that Laturquie is a seismic zone, instead of building pestism buildings, those who invite disasters with the policies of de -construction carried out under the name of "urban transformation" aimed at the interests of power, with buildings established in enormous heights, try to rally the reactions of the population by shedding tears of crocodileapre disasters.
But in vain ... they are no longer able to hide the fact that the extent of the lavictimization in natural disasters is not natural and that the responsible Lesseuls are the agents of the state and their policies of interest.
Let's strengthen our solidarity with our victims of the earthquake!
Inasmuch as(Article)The Confederation of Turkey Workers in Europe, Yeni Kadin(New woman)a Ydg(Democratic new youth). Nousavons lancé une campagne de dons dans le but d’être solidaires avec notrepeuple victime des tremblements de terre au Kurdistan de Turquie et au Rojavaet de diffuser la campagne directement au public.
Nous appelons tout notre peuple, en particulier toutes nos institutionsopérant dans les géographies européennes, et les forces démocratiques localeset immigrées à se mobiliser contre cette catastrophe, à rejoindre la campagneet à la renforcer. Guérissons les blessures de notre peuple touché par letremblement de terre avec les dons que vous envoyez au numéro de comptebancaire que nous avons publié ci-dessous !
Ce n’est pas le tremblement de terre, ce sont les politiques de l’État quituent ! 
Les portes frontalières devraient être ouvertes pour apporter leursolidarité aux victimes du tremblement de terre du Rojava ! 
Compte de don :
ATIK
NG BANK N.V. AMSTERDAM
“Spende Erdbeben2023”
IBAN: NL08 INGB000 6068972 BIC / SWIFT: INGBNL2A
35
News Source: https://www.kaypakkayahaber.com/haber/atik-nous-sommes-aux-cotes-de-notre-peuple-dans-la-region-du-tremblement-de-terre 
HBDH YK: "People's earthquake will destroy the AKP!" 
Author: kaypakkaya haber
Time: 2023-02-07T08:04:00-04:00
Description: The people began to find the way to remove these wrecks and wrap their pain in their own specificity. Solidarity and anger to the system bring them together. The fascist power and Erdogan once again exhibit in the eyes of the people. Our poor people will surround the pain of this earthquake and ask for an account. The earthquake of the people will destroy the fascist AKP government and palaces on their heads.
Images: [' hbdh_yk_deprem_aciklama_7_subat_2023_3_1024x512.png ']
 On February 6, the central base of Maraş in Pazardzhik district of the earthquake, the news of the death of thousands of people from our working people still come.Gecens, apartments, hospitals and thousands of buildings in the mass grave. As the saved ones, we will pass our wishes to get past. These painful days, the struggle and the people with their own solidarity will overcome.
This geography is located on the earthquake zone. There are many earthquakes of various sizes. Our memories still maintain its freshness as a result of many earthquakes in different regions. Deaths that exceed thousands of thousands of thousands continue to acquire the grieving history of our people as a bitter reality.
The last earthquake we have experienced has already reached seriousiboyuts with its increasing numbers. In this earthquake, which is compared with many aspects of the ’99 earthquake, more than three,000 people lost their lives and the number continues to increase, there are tens of thousands of wounded and people under tens of thousands of building debris.
The reason for this earthquake is of course due to the movements in the earth's crust. However, large levels of deaths and building debris are fascist power. It is obvious that this fascistdar, based on the order of rent and exploitation all sides, has made a profit with large rent for years. This power and bosses, who establish an order on human labor exploitation, rapid profit-rent providing and ignoring life, are the main reason for deaths. While taking precautions in palaces, villas, mansions; The fact that no precautions are taken in the poor and laborer neighborhoods, apartments and slums continues to increase these deaths. Every side of this rotten fascist power goes back and over again. The demolished cities have become a grave of our people who have nothing else when they work with their labor. This fascist power, which is to make the rich more rich in power, will continue to disregard human deaths while continuing to protect these regulations. While our people continue to remove their pain under their own efforts, the fascist AKP-MHP power will remain under those debris.The people have started to find the way to lift these wrecks and wrap their pain at their own specificity. Solidarity and anger to the system bring them together. Fascist power and Erdogan once again exhibit in the eyes of the people. Our poor people will surround the pain of this earthquake and ask for an account. The earthquake of the people will destroy the Palaces of the AKP, the Palaces of the AKP.
Long live the solidarity of the people!
Long live the organized struggle of the people!
Down with the boss!
Damn AKP-MHP fascism!
HBDH YK 
7 February 2023
29
News Source: https://www.kaypakkayahaber.com/haber/hbdh-yk-halkin-depremi-akpyi-yikacak 
PC 7 February - French and Italian imperialism increasingly within the war in Ukraine - for this reason on the war front the enemy is in our house! 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-07T11:36:00+01:00
Images: [' Samp-T.jpg ']
Italia and France will send missiles to Ukraine, but in the meantime they stock up 
by Federico Rucco 
 The European military-industrial complex with the war in Ukraine has found a hen with golden uoves.
The Missilistic Defense Systems Samp/T -Mamba will be delivered to Ukraine this spring, said the French defense ministersébastien Lecornu. "With Guido Crosetto -Minister of Italian Defense -we decided to provide the Samp/T- air defense systems Mamba at the Ukrainanella spring of 2023. This system will protect the civilian population and leinfrestructure from Russian attacks, "wrote Lecornu. The latest technical details between Italy and France have been unrelated to
For delivery to Ukraine, in spring 2023, of the Samp/T defense and anti-east system, the first European anti-missile manufacture-making-French system.
On January 30, the Italian Foreign Minister - Tajani - said "Parliament voted a few days ago the possibility of sending new to Ukraine, and it is likely that defense Aerea systems will be sent".
But in the background of the sending of batteries of anti-aerial missiles to Ukraine, the quality jump also(and quantity)of the ordinary military expenditure, defend and Italy, which already on 30 December 2022 had notified the alrazzier of Franco-Italian companies Eurosam(Composed of the MBDA and Dalothales)A contract for the production of almost 700 new Aster missiles.
The ASTER missile was developed by Mbda and Eurosam which provided lagestation of the project for the integration of its system on Samp/TNG and FDA batteries. More than 1,300 missiles have already been produced from the 2000s onwards.This order concerns several versions of this missile, unique in Europe: located in Missiles ASTER 15 and ASTER 30 B1 for the French Navy ships, the military and the Italian military Air Force, as well as the last ASTER 30 B1nt in the development phase.
It is confirmed as the war in Ukraine is proving to be the opportunity of Oroper the European military-industrial complex. The money and orders now took over to Palate.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-7-febbraio-limperialismo-francese-e.html 
It is erbraspo: Mascree in mutuum/ro: New complaints of denouncing torture and deprivation of rights pm 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: Monday, February 6, 2023 Massacre in Nova Mutum/Ro: New complaints point to torture and deprivation of rights during attack PM Rep ...
Time: 2023-02-07T15:50:00+01:00
Images: [' image.png ', ' image%20(1).png ', ' image%20(2).png ', ' image%20(3).png ', ' image%20(4).png ', ' image%20(5).png ', ' image%20(6).png ']
Monday, February 6, 2023
massacre in notva mutum/ro: New Dead complaints to torture and deprivation of the wrongdoing of rights pm
We will reproduce here an article of the newspaper to us in democracy about the massacreen Nova mutum/ro.(Read entirely at: https://anovademocracia.com.br/noticias/18634-chacina-em-nova-mutum-ro-novas-denuncias-apontam-para-torturas-e-privacao-de-direitos-During- PM- stroke)
 On the morning of January 28, on Saturday, the Battalion of Special Operations(Bope)of the Military Police(PM)Rondônia murdered DosCampesinos and terrified more than 100 families(300 farmers)in a newaatque that reached part of peasants in the Tiago Campin Dos Santos area, Enrôndonia. On 01/31, the Brazilian Association of Lawyers of the People - Gabrielpimenta(Abrapo)published a report and the league of poor peasants(LCP)From the Western Amazon published a note about the massacre. The two decuations expose the cowardly and terrorist actions in what is the third party since the occupation in 2020.
The brutal attack against peasant families occurred during a right -handed operation at the headquarters of the Norbrasil Treasury. Three PM Battalions Travel 28/01 with dozens of vehicles and drones. The reactionary military troops expired against three peasants, physically assaulted hundreds decamasinos and stole the individual belongings of the peasants. Two workers died after being tortured. Marcos Rocha, governor of the State, is denounced by the LCP for positioning itself next to the landsurpators of land. The peasant movement also states that the operation was to defend the "privileges and illegal interests Degalo Velho".
 The occupation of the Norbrasil Finance headquarters
There had already been an attack in the same place on January 22. According to Lalcp, Galo Velho's military bands headed to the area in a black truck and shot at the men, women and children.
The eve, hundreds of families, which total more than 300 farmers, occupied Lasede of the Norbrasil Treasury, which is at the edge of the BR-364. The interest in occupying that land was shared not only by these 100 families, but portodos in the Tiago Campin Dos Santos area, since the only parallegar alternative to the houses is to drive for more than 100 km. In addition, that plot Detierra is the main distribution point of peasant production, Porsu close to the federal highway.
 Police invasion: massacre and illegalities
Police arrived at the BR-364 shooting and launching rhythmic stunning and grenades. Other police groups were in other points, ambushes. Together with these were also gunmen who pay Galo Velho, according to complaints of the peasant movement and abroo.
The murdered peasants, Rodrigo Hawerroth(Known as "static")of 34 years and Raniel Barbosa Laurindo(known as "Mandruvá")24 years old, was the group of peasants who moved away from the bombs. The group decided the Cotia river in boat. At that time, they were delivered by the police. Three peasants were shot(In addition to Rodrigo and Raniel, Kenedy also was shot and taken to the João Paulo II hospital).
 
 The police took the three peasants beaten alive, but two of them were summarily executed after suffering severe torture. The Report Ablope it that "the peasants delivered were tortured, the marks are chatting bodies, having Rodrigo bruises in the body and face consistent with butts, cuts in the mouth, perforated eye and cut tongue." Abropoafirma that there is no certainty that this information is included in the reported report(A document that is public security responsibility of the Government of the State of Rondônia).
Después de este ataque, la policía inició un cerco a las familias acampadas enel Barracão das Máquinas, en la sede de la hacienda. Las familias presentesintentaron regresar hacia el río, pero fueron detenidos por militaresreaccionarios. Los campesinos resistieron gritando que en el lugar habíamujeres, incluso embarazadas, y niños, lo que fue ignorado por la PolicíaMilitar, que enseguida comenzó a "tirar balas de goma, tirar bombas con efectomoral, donde los niños eran golpeados y mostraban asfixia". reacción",denuncia el Informe.
 Only a few peasants managed to get permission to get a repealed bag inside the shed. The rest of clothing, food, freezer with food, gas cylinders, cell phones, mattresses, medicines and other personal effects were not authorized. Most of the peasants' objects that were in the barracks, which were destroyed by the police. Los Campesinos denounced before the lawyers who saw the military surrounding their belongings(cell phones and money). Además, lospolicías también envenenaron perros y contaminaron pozos de agua, además defotografiar a campesinos que se encontraban en la zona.
Para intimidar a los campesinos, la policía pasó exhibiendo los cuerpos de loscampesinos asesinados en sus autos. También con el mismo objetivo, algunoscampesinos fueron llevados a la sede de la finca y amenazados y agredidos. Lasfamilias que se quedaron al costado de la vía también fueron hostigadas por laPolicía Militar y sicarios que permanecieron en la zona realizando ostensivospatrullajes. Unos campesinos fueron registrados y firmaron una circunstanciapenal y responderán por desobediencia en la Juzgado Especial Penal (JEC).
Al final de la tarde del 29 de enero, las familias abandonaron el lugar y sedirigieron a Vila Alípio de Freitas, ubicada dentro del Área Tiago Campin dosSantos. Según el informe, los campesinos mostraron "mucha indignación con lasejecuciones y la forma de actuar del PM en protección de los latifundios".
Informe ABRAPO (To see click here)LCP note(TO SEE CLICK HERE)
News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/02/o-cebraspo-masacre-en-nova-mutumro.html 
Cecca sentenced to prison for hanging a banner of solidarity 
Author: redstar
Description: By Notav.info July 2013. Night event at the Tav Cantiere di Chiomonte. Marta, Pisan companion, is stopped by the police after ...
Time: 2023-02-07T19:09:00+01:00
Images: [' 32A149A5-4FDF-436D-AE24-4FB33D14EBC6-300x200.jpeg ']
_ And nettov.info _
 July 2013. Night event at the Tav construction site in Chiomonte. Marta, a Pisan companion, is stopped by the police after a violent office. Person, insulted and sexually harassed by the police, she is reported.
During the first interrogation of Marta, held by the now famous prosecutors with the Padalino and Rinaudo element, the No Tav movement organizes a Pernon garrison leaving Marta alone to face that difficult moment. A dicompagne group, women, friends decides to bring a banner who, beyond asolidarize with Marta, denounces the police violence. "If they touch all". A gesture of feminist solidarity, against violencemaschile in uniform towards a partner. They do not have time to adapt it to hang it out of the court that the police upload, Manganella Epoi denounces. In a farce process in which the harassment suffered by Marta were removed as well as the reasons for the garrison, the companions are accused of all sorts of crime. The prosecutor points the finger on the "festive climate" of thepresidio to indicate the pretext of the presence of the movement. For the prosecutor women present should have dressed in mourning and cry all their lorolacrime to demonstrate their pain for the victim? A determined reaction part of those women is such an unacceptable and incomprehensible fact? Still, the PM insists with a witness on the fact that, not having suffered the year sexual violence, he could not have understood and therefore solidarized with a woman who instead those violence says he has them suffered. These are only the pearls that they felt during the process.
The sentence? 8 -month sentence for Cecca.
Ten years after that summer.
We learn about the decision of the Turin surveillance court: the judge Elena Bonu decides to serve the sentence in prison.
Unfortunately, for those who do not have a short memory, this judge cheer her to be the same to have chosen the prison for Dana.We ask ourselves few things, because we already have the answers.
The simplicity with which their justice can play with the life of theperson, with those who are part of the No Tav movement, with those who fight and with those who have not been in this world is chilling. The fact that they can do so, because accepted in all respects by the political, institutional and legal apparatus is shameful.
On the part of the Court, of the Prosecutor and the Turin Police Headquarters we live unprecedented and probably unparalleled in this country but, how much, we will resist one meter, a minute more than them. Because we know we have.
Cecca we are and we will always be by your side!
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/02/cecca-condannata-al-carcere-per-aver.html 
Elections bourgeois circus ends 
Author: Frente de Defensa de Luchas del Pueblo en el Ecuador (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: For now the electoral circus ended. Interburgish contradictions have been taken to the polls and circulated circumstantially. ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-07T19:12:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-08T02:40:41-08:00
Images: [' TERMINO%20EL%20CIRCO%20ELECTORAL%20FDLP-EC%202023.jpg ']
 For now the electoral circus ended. The contradictions interburgers have taken to the polls and circumstantially settled.
It is clear that the buyer bourgeoisie by the hand of the Lasso banker made a hard blow. On the other hand, the political representatives of bureaucratic laburger celebrate having won several mayors, councils and more bureaucratic scenarios put in tension.
Opportunism also had its own, one or another mayor's office, prefecture and parish junctions.
The most rotten of revisionism, as in everything: they failed; The great bourgeois them put the tail out of nowhere. Socialist Party, Popular Unit are with dying at the polls but, above all, within the masses.
The Conaie, through its spokesman and main leader, Leonidas Iza, made a convocation to "vote with conscience", in another way, to vote for its chandes augated in Pachakutik. Nothing new, more of the same; Apparently, the stage of October 2019 and June 2022 remained in the spark that the electoral path said. Your main electoral achievement?, The prefecture of Cotopaxi, by the hand of Lourdes Tibán, the most popolitally prostitutically prostituting leader of the indigenous movement. Bad reference and wrong path of Laconaie.
Burgués-terrateniente democracy falls apart. Candidates linked to the alnarcotrafficking, bands of hitmen, others, corrupt, thieves, dancers, people of "the show", etc. Two of the candidates won the Sectional elections in their provinces, could not attend this "conquest" because they were killed for hit men days before the elections. Candidate for La Alcaldía in Quito, a member of Vox, one of the exponents of the ultra -consciousness current known as "libertarians", candidate by the parties of Ecuador. Can they fall lower? Impossible!Those who believe that voting have achieved conquests for class and Elpueblo are wrong. In fact, this lean process has allowed us, one more, to unmask opportunists, those who in popular leaders are lions; some lambs at the tables denagociations with the government and some chameleons in the elections; It ends up, herrojing the masses to the bourgeois democratic fold, and featuring the only possible path for the true emancipation of the armed, the armed revolution. Both revisionists and opportunists secure in the main impediment for the revolution to disappoint.
It is understood that the great winner of the elections is Correism. Bureaucratic staoriente is not from the left, he is a bourgeois, of old wedge, considers that the democratic revolution must be directed by them, and its important fascist expressions places them in a scenario where they see on the need to wield and use the “revolutionary,« anti -imperialist »,« Anti oligarchic »and other threshing proposals that soloobus the reform of the old bureaucratic-terrarate state.
We must be self -criticism, we will strive more, the diagnosis is not enough, not to support the voting not; We must strive to make them, to prevent them, and, obviously, that is only possible with violence.
It is clear, the masses must identify those who use them for the contestants, bureaucratic and reformists. The masses cry for revolution, the proletarian must put their best contingent and the ideology in front to be possible. By force of Marxism-Leninism Maoism, there is no other guide for revolutionary action.
You have to redouble efforts to neutralize opportunists; It is urgent to be approaching with a revolutionary discourse, but behind ESAMÁSCARA there is a protervo and harmful reformism that endorses the old Ordendemocratic-Burgués; The old bureaucratic-terratemal state holds, but, above all, it constitutes the development of the revolutionary forces.
Only with fights are conquered rights and freedoms 
News Source: https://fdlp-ec.blogspot.com/2023/02/finaliza-circo-burgues-de-las-elecciones.html 
PC 7 February - No Tav: still an infamous repressive fury of the Turin Prosecutor's Office against a partner who had denounced the violence and sexual harassment of the police 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-07T19:14:00+01:00
Images: [' Cecca%20No%20Tav.jpeg ', ' Striscione-per-Marta.png ']
We are With Cecca and on the side of the no tav. Maximum solidarity! 
 Cecca, notv activist, together with other women in July 2013 decided to be able to complain about a banner of reporting of the police violence. "If they touch they all touch." A gesture of feminist solidarity, against violencemaschile in uniform towards a partner. Denounced, tried graying to 8 months imprisonment. Ten years after that summer, Judge Bonu decides to make Cecca serve in prison.
 July 2013. Night event at the Tav construction site in Chiomonte. Marta, a Pisan companion, is stopped by the police after a violent office. Person, insulted and sexually harassed by the police, she is reported.
During the first interrogation of Marta, held by the now famous prosecutors with the Padalino element eThe sentence? 8 -month sentence for Cecca.
Ten years after that summer.
We learn about the decision of the Turin surveillance court: the judge Elena Bonu decides to serve the sentence in prison.
Unfortunately, for those who do not have a short memory, this judge cheer her to be the same to have chosen the prison for Dana.
Despite the positive opinion of the same Prosecutor General in the face of the enrichiegers of application of the alternative measures to the prison, the Court of disorganization decides, once again, to punish those who fight.
We ask ourselves few things, because we already have the answers.
The simplicity with which their justice can play with the life of theperson, with those who are part of the No Tav movement, with those who fight and with those who have not been in this world is chilling. The fact that it can do it undisturbed, because accepted in all respects by the political, institutional Egyptian institutional apparatus is shameful.
On the part of the Court, of the Prosecutor and the Turin Police Headquarters we live unprecedented and probably unparalleled in this country but, how much, we will resist one meter, a minute more than them. Because we know we have.
Cecca we are and we will always be by your side!
by Notav.info
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-7-febbraio-no-tav-ancora-un-infame.html 
PC 7 February - A worker dies on the construction site for the third pass, the umpteenth "great work" of this state, of all governments, today of Meloni -Salvini, of all parties in Parliament, desired for the profits of the masters e of crime 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-07T19:40:00+01:00
Images: [' Terzo%20valico-operaio%20morto%20sul%20lavoro2.jpg ']
Assassin state! 
Gas leak in the third pass, a dead worker and another seriously burned
 the Republic 
The Voltaggio accident, in the Alexandrino. The two employees hit by Unafiammatata, the victim was 33 years old. Immediate strike in the construction site: "He did not face die like this"
07 February 2023
Tragedy in the construction site of the third Voltaggio pass, in the Alexandrino. Around the one in the morning, two workers were involved in an accident while they were up. One of the two died due to the burns reported. These are Cucè disalvator, a 33 -year -old Calabrian transferist. The other worker has a statosphere
by the 118 staff and transported to the hospital in Novi Ligure, it would not be an in -perpetolo of life. These are two employees of the Seli Overseas company(GroupWebuild).
Tra le prime ipotesi, quella di una fiammata dovuta a una fuga di gas mentrescavavano, in un primo momento si è anche parlato di un'esplosione. Gli operaierano nel tunnel di accesso alla grande opera per dei lavori di consolidamentodella galleria. Probabilmente una scintilla partita dal macchinario potrebbeaver innescato il gas naturale, che è monitorato da apposite apparecchiature.
Sono in corso gli accertamenti dei carabinieri di Voltaggio con i colleghi diNovi Ligure per fare chiarezza su quanto accaduto.
I sindacati hanno indetto uno sciopero immediato nel cantiere del Terzovalico. Feneal, Filca e Fillea richiedono un incontro urgente con leprefetture e l'azienda capofila. "Riteniamo assurdo - scrive in una nota laFilca, organizzazione degli edili della Cisl di Alessandria - che unlavoratore venuto tra l'altro dalla lontana Calabria per poter mantenere lapropria famiglia venga strappato ai propri affetti per l'ennesimo, evitabile,infortunio sul lavoro. Stiamo attendendo le valutazioni ufficiali dellecompetenti autorità - aggiunge la Filca - Ma siamo anche fortementepreoccupati della possibilità che ulteriori infortuni di questo genere possanoriprodursi".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-7-febbraio-muore-un-operaio-per-i.html 
PC 7 February - Still repression: in Bologna searches, kidnappings and precautionary measures for the companions of the CUA 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-07T20:49:00+01:00
Images: [' Fantoccio%20di%20Meloni%20a%20Bologna.jpg ']
PD and Meloni Marciano government United to hit the Extra -Parliamentary Epolitical Social opposition
From RATSOCITTAFUJIKO:
The facts disputed to activists concern the demonstration occupation of last October, when activists and activists of Cua and Split Entrarononello private student private Beyoo in via Serlio in Bologna. The construction sites of what was called "luxury student" were still active at the epocanel'.. The protest was born following the growing problems in Bologna in finding a rental house at affordable prices from students of students and university students.
On that occasion, the occupants asked to open a negotiating table for the property of the Studetto and the University of Bologna for allocating housing at prices
Calmierati. The occupation ended a few days later, when they occupied him that Beyoo had made a commitment in this sense.
The second contested fact concerns the "parade" for the center of Bologna, which took place on 10 November. During the procession, a mannequin with lesems of the premier Giorgia Meloni sprouted who was hanging upside down.
The news aroused great indignation in political forces and today the repercussions on the charge of vilification to the head of the government are listed.
 Meloni puppet in Bologna, precautionary measures for twelve saying saying 
The measures were implemented at the disposal of the prosecutor Paregiuseppe Amato and the prosecutor Antonio Gustapane, owners of the investigations. These are 12 precautionary measures(Two prohibitions of residence and ten signature obligations)adrtrescenti belonging of the CUA and of the cybillatra laboratory.(The rest of the Carlino)On charges of vilification, violence, aggravated threat
from the pug:Alma Mater evaluates disciplinary actions
The Alma Mater of Bologna will verify whether there are also details of disciplinary pervolifications against the exponents of the collectives for some precautionary measures for the puppet with the appearance of the premier Giorgia Meloni hanging upside down under the two towers on 10 November. "We have been informed of the actions that the Police Headquarters did- Commentail Rector Giovanni Molari, this morning on the sidelines of a press conference- we are following the facts and we offer as always a maximum of the police."
Will there therefore be disciplinary measures by the University in the distorted case involved? "We will check," replies the rector. In any case, adds Molari, "we are talking about actions made by the judiciary on tutes largely took place outside the University of Bologna".
Solidarity with the affected companions! Tomorrow the answer in the square! 
Observatory against repression
February 07, 2023
This morning some companions of the Cua(Self -employed university collective)were reached by 12 precautionary measures(10 signature obligations and 2 prohibitions Didimora)For a procession and a job of a few months ago.
The accusations are multiple and heavy.
During the operation, the houses of companions/s were searched and two occupied university spaces and self -managed university spaces were seized: the auletta at 38 in via Zamboni and Split - space to free iemempo.
A student and a student, in addition to having undergone the searches, will have to leave the city from a ban on residence, while in the social spaces searched, banners, smoke bombs, music coffers, paint, megaphones have been seized.
"Towards new convergences, towards new persifies. There is qu'un début, continuons Le combat!", Comments the Cua Bolognese, who in a press release launches in the square for tomorrow, Wednesday 8 February: 6 pm, Piazzaverdi.
To the microphones of Radio Onda d'Ada Giovanni, of the University Autonomo collective. Listen or download.
Below is the press release:
You will never stop! 
Tomorrow at 18.00 TUTT3 in Piazza Verdi The contested accusations are for various episodes that occurred during the period of the "convergence 'event to arise' on 22 October last, between symbolic occupation of the luxury beyoo study in mid -October and Lamanifestation 'we want a beautiful life of mid -November.
In addition to the searches, a student and a student in Bologna will have to leave the city with a ban on residence, while in the spacesocials, very dangerous materials have been seized: banners, smoke bombs, musical coffers, paint, megaphones.
This repressive operation is inscribed in an atmosphere of overall Indusiveness of the period we live, between the economic repercussions and social didiplies on our territories of the war flatter inkraraine, the plumbea hood imposed by the Meloni government, the continuous lovely attacks and movements from Naples to the Val di Susa, from Piacenza to Veneto, Unaserie continues of crisis. Therefore, it is not surprising that generous ecompany companions are affected, attached substantially for being active and active in a policy of movement and struggle. It is not surprising that seizuretispazi of freedom and autonomous organization with improbable Castelliguridici are seized. It is not surprising ... but it makes a lot of anger.
A anger that does not take away our smile and determination, efieri fairs to carry out a collective mobilization for a beautiful life, against the abuses of the rich and pollutors, for social justice, an old, violent and decadent society echiestically. We say it clear and round: with these attacks you don't scare us, we are right and today as yesterday ... Ainostri placed you will find us!
Towards new convergences, towards new onset ... there is qu'un début, continuons Le combat!
We invite the solidarity city to a solidarity garrison for tomorrow at 6 pm greater greenness, for the immediate termination of the precautionary measures and for the immediate Illimetro of Split and the classroom in via Zamboni 38.
Once again the state attacks with the aim of discouraging, dividing that anyone who intends to challenge the rampant and fight attentiveness. In fact, it is not just some companies that are not only, but all of us.
At a time in which many are increasingly clear, the need to mobilize that the shirts of the law and repression are tightened with the objective of keeping us isolated: to this umpteenth and infamous operations we respond by expressing our full complicity and solidarity.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/7-febbraio-ancora-repressione-bologna.html 
In Congress, the Chaco PTP chose its authorities 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-07T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: On a successful day, the Labor and People party elected provincial party authorities
Description: The same was held on Saturday, February 4 at the Hall of the Central Club Norte de Resistencia. Rodolfo Schwartz, current provincial deputy for the party at the FDT, made a detailed political balance and analysis of the challenges expected for this new period, given a very complex international, national and provincial situation. & Hellip;
Images: [' Congreso-del-PTP-de-Chaco.jpg ', ' Congreso-PTP-Chaco-300x180.jpg ']
Type: article
 The same was held on Saturday, February 4 at the North -For -Resistance Central Club Hall. Rodolfo Schwartz, current provincial deputy for the Enel FDT party, made a detailed political balance and analysis of the challenges that are expected for this new period, given a very complex internnational, national and provincial situation. Much of the numerous congressmen and delegates from different locations and rural areas of the province, gave their opinion on it, gave their views, told their sufferings and participation in the different struggles of the period and was approved by an unanimity.
It was resolved to complete the objective of 10 thousand new affiliates for March.
They were reelectos president of the party, Rodolfo Schwartz and Gisela Gutiérrezcomo Vice President, while Cristian Rodriguez, leader of the Original Peoples, was elected secretary. The other positions were covered by territorial leaders of the party, which at the same time are alsoirigents of the movements that have had a great development in the period.
2023 Year of struggles and elections 
In this way, the work and people party, which together with the PCR, sedestac The crisis is paid by the minors, it is in legal conditions to participate in the electoral processes of 2023.
They reaffirmed the fight in the streets and in the elections, among other points, for the "suspension of the payment of the debt with IMF contracted by Macri". They considerate that "it was a serious error of the national government, legitimize that scam requires an adjustment, and which is one of the causes of current inflation.
 Correspondent 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/en-congreso-el-ptp-del-chaco-eligio-sus-autoridades/ 
Solidarity - Material Catching for the earthquake -stricken peoples of Turkey and Syria - KKE (M -L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-02-07T99:00:00-04:00
Description: The calamities of the murderous earthquake were added to the calamities of the war. The poor peoples of Turkey, Syria and especially in the Kurdistan region, which mourn thousands of dead, are deprived of everything.
Images: [' ett-mazema-gia-seismo-tourkia-banner.jpg ']
Type: article
 The calamities of the murderous earthquake were added to the calamities of the war. Poor peoples of Turkey, Syria, and especially in the Turdstan area, which mourn their thousands of dead, are deprived of everything.
We unite our voices to claim what they are entitled to.
We show our solidarity in practice. Because the peoples must live and will.
We gather essentials: ** blankets, dust and evaporated milk, diaper/baby, sanitary wins, winter clothes and underwear, serum
Material collection spaces:
ATHENS : _ Apart from the walls, Gravia 10-12, Exarchia_
THESSALONIKI : _ Sydentona, Syngrou 24, 2nd floor_
XANTHI : _ Rogi, M. Vogou 20, 4th floor_
HERAKLION : zalo, Trikoupi Charilaou Avenue 21 
GIANNENA : Alisous youth hangout, Kougiou 23 
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/αλληλεγγύη-μάζεμα-υλικών-για-τους-σεισμόπληκτους-λαούς-τουρκίας-συρίας-και-κουρδιστάν/ 
Palestine: Israel increases the aggression against Palestine 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T04:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-06T15:33:02+00:00
Description: On January 26, the Israeli army murdered 10 Palestinians and wounded 20 others, some seriously, during a military operation in the city of Jenin in the West Bank. The operation was aimed at several homes, a plane…
Images: [' palakampfjan2023-1.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
 On January 26, the Israeli army murdered 10 Palestinians and wounded 20 others, some seriously, during a military operation in the city of Jenin in the West Bank. The operation was aimed at several homes, a refugee camp and a hospital. It was justified by the Israeli authorities as an action against so -called 'terrorists', as the national liberation movement and other opponents call. Members of the national liberation organizations Hamas and Islamicaticjihad defended themselves against the massacre, some of them with firearms.
Among the dead, in addition to several young men, was also a 61-year-old woman, in order to speak, was executed in her own home with a shot in the neck. In addition, a tear gas grenade was fired at a children's ward at a local hospital, whereby more children were wounded. On January 26, the Israeli army murdered 10palestinians and wounded 20 others, some seriously, during a military operation in Jenin in the West Bank. The operation was aimed at several homes, one -refugee camp and a hospital. It was justified by the Israeli authorities as an action against so -called 'terrorists', as the national education movement and other opponents are called. Members of the national refreshment organizations Hamas and Islamic Jihad defended against the massacre, some of them with firearms. Among the dead, in addition to several young men, were also 61-year-old woman, who was literally executed in her own home with a shot in the neck. In addition, a tear gas grenade was fired at a children's ward at a local hospital, whereby more children were injured.
Since last year, there has again been a huge increase in Israeli terror against the Palestinian people. 225 Palestinians were killed by the Israeli occupation forces last year - the highest number in 15 years. In January 2023, 30 Palestinians have already been killed.
But with this attack, the opposition of the Palestinian people also grows. After the military operation in Jenin, Hamas fired two rockets against Israel Fragaza Strip. Therefore, crowds went on the streets to protest the resurrection and the ongoing reactionary operations. In Jerusalem, Disposable Security Forces against a demonstration and killed a 22-year-old Palestinian. On Friday, January 27, Israel bombed the densely populated gaza strip. According to the official statements, only the military position attacks, which Israel officially announced after each bombardment, which is of course a lie.
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/02/08/palaestina-israel-oger-aggressionen-mod-palaestina/ 
CPN General Secretary Chand On State Of Politics In Nepal 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T05:56:57+00:00
Update Time: 2023-02-08T17:58:07+00:00
Images: [' 1663240429_biplab-1200x560_20230208104911-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['Biplav', 'Communist Party of Nepal', 'CPN', 'Kathmandu', 'Nepal', 'Netra Bikram Chand', 'PPW in Nepal']
Categories: ['Nepal', "People's War"]
 Kathmandu, February 8, 2023: Communist Party of Nepal(CPN)GeneralSecretary Netra Bikram Chand has said that the politics in Nepal is in aserious and sensitive situation.
He said this while announcing the decisions of the full meeting of the party.
“The politics of Nepal is in a serious and sensitive situation. Big debatesare going on everywhere," said General Secretary Chand.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/cpn-general-secretary-chand-on-state-of-politics-in-nepal/ 
IED Blast Triggered By Cadres Of CPI (Maoist) Injures Another CRPF Jawan In West Singhbhum District 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T10:36:42+00:00
Update Time: 2023-02-08T18:37:26+00:00
Images: [' blast-representational-pic-1493099766-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['Central Reserve Police Force', 'CPI (maoist)', 'CPI(maoist)', 'CRPF', 'IED', 'India', 'Jawan', 'Jharkhand', 'Naxal', 'naxalites', 'naxals', "People's Liberation Guerrilla Army", 'PLGA', 'police', 'PPW in India', 'Ranchi', 'Ranchi District', 'West Singhbhum District']
Categories: ['India', "People's War"]
 West Singhbhum District, February 8, 2023: Yet another IED blast triggeredby cadres of the CPI(Maoist)caused a CRPF jawan to sustain an injury onTuesday. The incident occurred in the forests of Jharkhand's West Singhbhumdistrict.
The injured jawan was identified as Sanjiv Kumar who belongs to the CRPF’s 60battalion fell victim to the blast. The forces were carrying out an anti-Maoist operation at Hathiburu jungle in the Porahat forest division that fallsunder the Goelkera police station area about 160 km away.
Soon after the incident, the police and the paramilitary forces rescued thevictim and took him to a hospital in Ranchi by helicopter.
As the news reached, the West Singhbhum superintendent of police, AshutoshShekhar rushed to Goelkera. Goelkera police station OC, Rahul Kumar Singh whohad joined the rescue operation said the injured CRPF jawan is out of danger.
It is the fifth explosion triggered by cadres of the CPI(Maoist)in thePorahat and adjoining Kolhan forest divisions, which have emerged as the newstronghold of the Maoists.
As of now 15 jawans have sustained injuries caused by the IED explosions inthat troubled region since January 11, the day when the police started thejoint operation against the Maoists there.
Earlier the Maoists would focus on carrying out their activities in Sarandaforest, but due to the presence of an adequate number of CRPF personnel there,the Maoists had chosen the adjoining Kolhan forest division to make theirpresence felt.
A squad of 16 armed Maoist cadres is still active at the Porahat forestdivision.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/ied-blast-triggered-by-cadres-of-cpi-maoist-injures-another-crpf-jawan-in-west-singhbhum-district/ 
Støre: Nostalgic to wish for lower power prices 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The conflict in the Labor Party seems to continue around the issue of electricity prices.
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T14:48:28+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-08T14:48:30+00:00
Images: [' Store-arbeiderpartiet-1160x670.png ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Innenriks'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

The conflict in the Labor Party seems to continue around the issue of redemption price. This is a hot case ahead of the party's national meeting in May, and Støre looks out to nudge during the battle by defending the power cables to its(Political)death. 
Jonas Gahr Støre states that it is in the interest of Norwegian imperialism to have power cables for the sale and purchase of electricity between Norway and other European countries. He says this is an active political choice and: "We do it because the Visenner is right for Norway and serves Norwegian interests".
At the same time, all electricity customers in Norway know that over the past two years, electricity price has been multiplied. Several working families are struggling with the electricity bills today. Dessatively, Norwegian business has major problems, especially the power -intensive industry. Støre calls the protests "nostalgia". For Støre, there is freight social democratic policy with "exchange". He claims the market does not the ruler but the servant in the question of power.
Støre can say what he wants, and this rhetoric is not wise if he wants to recover old popularity. The masses mark on the body and the wallet that politicians have made an "active political choice" that we have to pay for. It was declared that the Norwegian state and power companies that are largely publicly owned have everything to gain from the market and the "exchange" with the EU countries. The Norwegian population and the Norwegian business sector, on the other hand, in a cold country where the current time has been cheap, and where we are based on electricity for heating, it feels that it is we who have to pay the price for the political gain international.
At the same time, Trond Giske uses the power price crisis to develop his internal opposition to Støre inside the party. The Joint Federation requires the maximum price on current. It seems that the dissatisfaction is very large on the basic plane of the counter -government line in the question of the power cables. Economically, the increased price acts as one of the many mechanisms that transmits values from the masses of the asset and the state. It is a poor consolation that something is coming back in form of alms from the state(noise support). Dette viser også tendensene tilbyråkratisering og statsmonopolkapitalisme i den norske imperialismen. Atstaten håver inn profitt, for så å betale noe tilbake til kundene profitten erhentet fra, viser forråtnelsen og ineffektiviteten i dette systemet.
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/08/store-nostalgisk-a-onske-seg-lavere-strompris/ 
CPP Statement On The Occasion Of The 84th Birthday Of It’s Founding Chairperson Jose Maria Sison 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T15:00:05+00:00
Update Time: 2023-02-08T19:01:35+00:00
Images: [' jon-bustamante-photo-jms-cropped-1024x789-1-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['AFP', 'Armed Forces of the Philippines', 'communist party of the philippines', 'CPP', 'CPP-NPA-NDF', 'CPP-NPA-NDFP', 'First Great Rectification Movement', 'Friedrich Engels', 'Ho Chi Minh', 'Joma Sison', 'Jose Maria Sison', 'Joseph Stalin', 'Karl Marx', 'Lenin', 'Mao Zedong', 'maoism', 'Marxism-Leninism-Maoism', 'National Democratic Front of the Philippines', 'NDFP', 'New Democratic Revolution', "new people's army", 'NPA', 'Philippine Revolution', 'Philippine Revolution Web Central', 'philippines', 'PPW in the Philippines', 'Second Great Rectification Movement', 'V.I. Lenin']
Categories: ["People's War", 'Philippines']
 Communist Party Of The Philippines 
February 8, 2023 
We mark today the 84th birth anniversary of Prof. Jose Maria Sison, foundingchair of the Communist Party of the Philippines, fully conscious of thecontinuing profound significance of Ka Joma’s work in the unremitting struggleof the Filipino people for national democracy and socialism, which form partof the international anti-imperialist resistance of all oppressed andexploited peoples.
In celebrating his revolutionary life and work, let us reaffirm our adherenceto the universal correctness of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism and its application tothe concrete conditions of the Philippines as practiced and taught by Ka Joma,and as embodied in the principles, policies and program of the Communist Partyof the Philippines. Let us also look forward to the 130th birth anniversary ofChairman Mao Zedong later this year and Ka Joma’s 85th birth anniversary nextyear by studying with all energy the classic writings of Marx, Engels, Lenin,Stalin, Mao, Ho as well as those of Ka Joma, and using them as guide as wecarry forward with all vigor the national democratic revolution.
As founding chair and guide of the CPP, Ka Joma incisively analyzed thesemicolonial and semifeudal conditions in the country and pointed to thenecessity of carrying out a people’s democratic revolution by wagingprotracted people’s war along the strategy of encircling the cities from thecountryside.
Wielding both the New People’s Army and the National Democratic Front as swordand shield respectively, the Party has achieved myriad revolutionary successesover more than five decades. The victories accumulated in waging resistanceand building revolutionary power are testament to the correctness and lastingvalidity of Ka Joma’s teachings and to the indefatigable determination of theParty’s cadres to carry forward the tasks of the Philippine revolution.
Inspired by Ka Joma’s boundless revolutionary optimism, the Party and allpatriotic and democratic forces are determined to bring the nationaldemocratic revolution to final victory, no matter the sacrifice and howeverlong it takes. The liberation of the Filipino people from imperialism,feudalism and bureaucrat capitalism hinges on winning the revolution.This study movement is characterized by a review of the basic principles ofthe Party as laid out by Ka Joma in the first and second great rectificationmovements. Party cadres are also carrying out further research and socialinvestigation to enrich and deepen understanding of the semicolonial andsemifeudal conditions of the people.
Through this study movement, leading committees of the Party have takeninitiative in self-criticism efforts to identify, root out, repudiate andrectify errors of subjectivism which have impeded the growth of therevolutionary movement and weakened it in some parts. The level ofrevolutionary energy and enthusiasm is steadily rising, and with it, theFilipino people’s determination to carry forward the revolution.
In the field of armed struggle, Party cadres in the New People’s Army areexerting efforts to surmount the problem of self-constriction in order toconsistently expand and deepen the mass base and take the initiative inmounting annihilative tactical offensives combined with widespread attritivetactical offensives. In the field of the mass movement in both the cities andcountryside, revolutionary forces are overcoming problems of reformism,legalism and conservatism in order to expand the people’s organized strength,lead their democratic struggles, raise their struggles against imperialistneoliberal policies and military intervention, and link and extend support tothe armed struggle.
A vigorous study movement of Ka Joma’s teachings is bound to take root amongthe Filipino youth and students, ensuring the emergence of a new generation ofrevolutionaries and communists who will lead the Party and carry forward therevolution into the future. The campaign to promote Marxism-Leninism-Maoismand a culture of revolutionary collectivism and selfless service to thepeople, especially among young intellectuals, direct challenges the culture ofsocial apathy, individualism, self-centeredness, hedonism and other rottenanti-social traits being promoted by imperialism and the ruling classes inmedia and social media.The viciousness with which the Armed Forces of the Philippines(AFP)wages itscounter-revolution, however, succeeds only in further exposing the rottennessof the ruling system. Fascist violence is inciting the broad masses of thepeople to fight back. It shows them that there is no path to attain theiraspiration for justice and freedom other than the revolutionary mass movementand armed struggle.
Amid aggravation of the crisis of overproduction of the global capitalistsystem, the leading imperialists powers are resorting to wars and pushing theentire world towards the brink of widespread death and destruction. Theconditions of great disorder and turbulence being generated by the globalcapitalist system is compelling the proletariat to rise up and lead theoppressed and exploited classes to wage revolution.
Guided by Marxism-Leninism-Maoism and the teachings of Ka Joma, the CommunistParty of the Philippines vows to persevere in leading the Filipino peoplealong the path of the national democratic revolution. Together with risinganti-imperialist and antifascist struggles around the world, the Party isdetermined to contribute to the resurgence of socialist and new democraticrevolutions worldwide and help forge a new period in the world history of theproletariat.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/cpp-statement-on-the-occasion-of-the-84th-birthday-of-its-founding-chairperson-jose-maria-sison/ 
Oslo: Stop the terror against the people of Mexico and Brazil! 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The fighting committee reports that a solidarity mark in Oslo will be arranged on Saturday.
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T15:01:49+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-08T22:25:58+00:00
Images: [' lcp.png ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Aktiviteter'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

Earn Folket Media has received a notification from the match committee that on Saturday, a solidarity mark in Oslo will be arranged in Oslo in support of the poor farmers IMEXICO and Brazil, and which the comrades invite people to participate in. The match committee writes:
_ “We invite all anti -imperialists and friends of the world's people to join to show their disgust at the state reprisal and terror against the poverty farmers inland village in Mexico and Brazil._
Bli with on marking: Stovner metro station Saturday 11 February at. 1300 
_ Stop the ongoing massacre against the poor farmers in Brazil!Stop the terror against the people of Mexico!_
_ Leven Liga Campones Pobres - LCP!Live Coriente Del Pueblo - Sol Rojo!”_
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/08/oslo-stopp-terroren-mot-folket-i-mexico-og-brasil/ 
Germany: Revolutionaries call mobilization in solidarity with poor peasants of Mexico and Brazil. 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: The DeM Volke Dany (serving the people) site has released an important call for a mobilization this Wednesday 8 of Feb ...
Time: 2023-02-08T16:09:00+01:00
Images: [' movilizaci%C3%B3n%20Hamburgo.png ']
 THE SITE DEM VOLKE DENE(Serve alpueblo) He has released a importer call for a mobilization this Wednesday, February 8, Enhamburg, Germany. The activity is intended to denounce the crimes against poor peasants of Mexico and Brazil.
It is specifically a solidarity action with the communities of the Papotecs of Santa Cruztagolaba and rintegolaba , in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, Mexico, who live under the attack of the brothers "Tacho Casasta and Sergiocanalla" that command an armed group at the service of the landowner for Imponerel Interoceanic Corridor of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec(Ciit); as well as ensolidarity with the poor peasants of Rondonia, Brazil , which are constantly victims of armed attacks in the hands of the landowner and the Military Police.
In Mexico and Brazil, the fight for the Earth is being developed Conheroism by the impoverished masses of the countryside, in some places to defend and recover it, and in others to distribute it. In both countries, the reactionary governments support the actions of the landowner, the military police officers and the paramilitarism that all kinds of crimes against the people commit.
This activity convened by the companions of Germany will be carried out on February 8, the day in which the interference audience of the communal companion Zapotec is planned Salvador Pinalmeléndez , who has been political prisoner and is under house roots for defending the lands of Santa Cruz Tagolaba against theimposition of the CIIT, in Mexico.Next, we share the call of the companions of Germany for mobilization.
Manifestation in Hamburg: High terror against the Mexican people!Altoal terror against the poor peasants of Brazil! 
We are publishing an updated call for the mobilization of the health against imperialist aggression in Hamburg, next Wednesday.
High terror against the Mexican people! 
High terror against the poor peasants of Brazil! 
For years, the poor peasants of the state of Oaxaca, in southern Mexico, have resisted the megaprojects that the old state is building encounters with the imperialists. The peasants are being stripped of land so that huge wind farms are built in the stophuantepec isthmus. Peasants are expropriated, nature is destroyed and the population is expressed.
The resistance that peasants have been opposing for years have been in the repression and terror of the old Mexican state and SOSSECUACES. To break the struggle of the peasants and the popular various movements that have given themselves the task of developing the resistance to imperialist megaprojects, the state encourages paramilitary bands on the population. This situation has worsened drastically in the last weeks. Several popular fighters were arrested or missing for leaving a trace. On January 29, 2023, armed paramilitaries tangle the landowners occupied the community of Rincón Tagolaba, threatening the settlers, destroying crops and hoses of drinking water, and shooting intimidating shots. The National Guard intervened, but not hizoned against strongly armed paramilitaries.
The Mexican State, with the help of the murderous bands that work for him, enforces the interests of the imperialists at the expense of the people of the stophuantepec, and resorts to any means to do so. Our solidarity scon the poor peasants who fight and popular movements, such as the Solrojo(Red Sun People's Current), that struggles tirelessly and the needs and interests of the people are sacrificed. We demand the liberation of all people's fighters. We demand the immediate and invited presentation of the disappeared. We demand the end of the repression and terror of the Mexican state and its henchmen.The Liga of Poor Peasants(LCP)She has been fighting for a long time for a piece of land for all poor peasants and sudes that they can keep themselves and their families. One and the other there are massacres by the Brazilian state, the great lands and heavy lands. In April 2021, the Brazilian State carried out a Santa Elena Massacreen, at the Manoel Ribero camp, killing several peasants. The camp was terrified for days and weeks, isolated from the exterior and cordoned world. The entire camp, in which life was organized and the collective work of poor peasants in the lands occupied by them, was razed. However, the struggle of the LCP and the peasants and land without organized in it continued.
So as now, all the friends of the Brazilian people and the LCP call them to participate in the demonstration and denounce and condemn these new ones are in the face!
Stop criminalizing the fight for the earth!
Mobilization: Wednesday, February 8, 2023 | 18:00 | S-Bahnsternschanze Station 
Alliance against imperialist aggression 
February 2023 
News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/02/alemania-revolucionarios-convocan.html 
PC February 8 - Fuori sopito from 41bis - to break the murderous silence 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-08T16:50:00+01:00
Images: [' loc%20alfredo_page-0001.jpg ']
i l Meloni/Nordio government invites you to lower the tones and to archive the big print and TV aligns 
Now more than never multiply the initiatives in every form 
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-8-febbraio-fuori-cospito-dal-41-bis.html 
PC February 8 - De Magistris sides on Alfredo Cossed ... on the side of the state of 41bis and actively participates in the campaign on the other side, that of the government and Pd 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-08T17:05:00+01:00
Images: [' cospito-2-1024x683.jpg ', ' Cospito-1024x768.jpg ', ' alfredo-cospito.jpg ']
de Magistris: "So far it is a criminal transformed into martyr. Eanarchic mafia have common objectives". 
 " Anarchists -Mafiosis? There is a common goal, eliminating 41 bis" - Thus Luigi de Magistris answers a question about the hypothesis - supported by the Parliamentary of Fratelli d'Italia Giovanni Donzelli - according to which anarchist Alfredo So, it would be an influencer that the mafia is setting up to yield the state on 41 bis'.
" Credo that it is likely to speak of a convergence of a common goal to eliminate the 41 bis. We must remember that at the first points of the attractive between the state and the Cosa Nostra there was the elimination of 41 bis. The laphinality of this measure is that people of organized crime Or of terrorist organizations can communicate with the outside, it is the task of understanding whether so that the leaders of an organizational organization or not " - said De Magistris.
 regarding the danger of Cosito . The former magistrate, who intervened "prisma" transmission conducted by Andrea Sprles and Cinzia Santangeli broadcast on Cusano Italia TV said that " cospito has already achieved its goal. There is a criminal and now it is the 'The most famous man in Italy. We find us discussing potential convergences between the Cosenza and Mafiosi ".
The former prosecutor then added: " we have to pay attention: in the alleged and very prosporable negotiation between Cosa Nostra and the State, there was the abolition of 41bis. I would be careful to make a leader of the 
__ international terrorist. Today we are faced with scenario chemi worries: while before so, it was representative of an isolated fringe, today instead we are faced with a powder keg: pandemic, war, tragic economic scenarios, there is no climate of a reassuring state_ ".
 ALFREDO COSPITO " Il 41 bis I would apply it when we have a particularly certain picture that we find in front of vertical terrorist organizations. This story has done so I do not say a sort of martyr but almost. Loscioper of hunger does not mean that he has denied violence - Haichiato The former mayor of Naples - I _o I believe that one like me, close to the last, believe that those who use violence damages those who fight for a more more world.
about how the attacks by the anarchists must be read. "I_O I am very worried about the welds. Since there is a social anger, there is a class hatred. We must not underestimate the one that stasuring, we are slipping into the climate of violence that we thought we were the shoulders_ ".
Do we risk an attack? " _ Nothing can be excluded. I worry social, economic, inequalities, post -pandemic effects, right -wing nail and stones and stones, politics that no longer knows how to listen, inadequate government and non -existent opposition. All this marks a Momentopericoloso that should not be underestimated "._
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-8-febbraio-de-magistris-si-schiera.html 
PC February 8 - Appeal from companions from the area of the Turkey/Syria earthquake 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-08T17:21:00+01:00
Images: [' tk.jpg ']
In spagnolo in via di traduzione
Turkey - Urgent requested of help!WE ARE WITH OUR PEOPLE IN THE AREA OF THE MOTHER 
By Workers Revolution * 2023-02-07
 Taken from _ Maoist Road _
The 7.7 magnitude earthquake that shook the Pázrcık district of Maraşhacia at 4:20 p.m. , Bitlis, Hakkari, Adana, Osmaniye, Batman, Urfa, Kilis, Diyarbakır, above, Hatay, Elnorte de Syria and the provinces of Rojava. The earthquake caused great damage and fed of human lives. According to the latest official statements, thousands dependists lost their lives only in the Turkish Kurdistan region, while around 6,000 people were injured. Besides the
Destruction of many houses, buildings and hospitals, airports and carrreteras have also suffered serious damage and, with the addition of winterconditions, rescue work is becoming even more difficult. In addition, as replicas continue, new themers are taking place and there are still many people under the debris. The teams of Cate and Socorro have not yet reached many areas, and the population continues to rescue with their own forces. Therefore, it is a reality that the number of dead and injured is much greater than the official figures.
However, the information provided in the media sealimates to the borders of Turkey. In addition, hundreds of people have lost Lavida and thousands of others have been injured in northern Syria and in the Red Red…. The fact that it is a cross -border and war zone and the different weather conditions make the problem in the area even….
As Ati̇k, Yeni Kadın and Ydg; In the first place, while we transmit our best wishes to our people, we express our condolences to the relatives of those who lost our lives, we wish a prompt recovery of our injured and declare that we are with them.Our people who live in the Kurdistan, in which Turkish fascism only applies during electoral periods, has been ignored for years of annihilation and denial for years, and their vital resources have deliberately cidodested with war policies. Although Turkey is a seismic zone, instead of building buildings resistant to the matters, those that invite disasters with the zoning policies carried out under the name of "urban transformation" with the objective to reatisfied the interests of those in which they are in Power, with buildings constructed at gigantic heights, are trying to cushion the reactions of people spilling crocodile tears after disasters.
But in vain ... they are no longer able to hide that the magnitude of the victimization in natural catastrophes is not natural, and that the only ones responsible are state authorities and their interested policies.

Let's increase solidarity with the victims of the earthquake! 
As Confederation of Turkey Workers in Europe(Article), New women(New woman), New democratic youth(New Democratic Youth), we have initiated a donation campaign to solidarize ourselves with the victims of the terremoto both in the Turkish Kurdistan and in Rojava and send the campaign directly to the people.
We call all our people, the local and migrant democratic forces, especially all our organizations that operate in European geographies, to mobilize before this catastrophe, to join and reinforce it campaign. We sell together the wounds of our peoples affected by the terremoto with the donations you send to the bank account number that we put below!

The state policies kill, not earthquakes! 

Open the borders to sympathize with the victims of the red earthquotode! 
ATIK NG BANK N.V. AMSTERDAM «SPENDE EDBEBEN2023» IBAN: NL08 INGB000 6068972 BIC / SWIFT: INGBNL2A
New democratic youth Confederation of Turkey Workers in Europe New women 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-8-febbraio-appello-dai-compagni.html 
PC February 8 - From Palermo against the imperialist war towards the national anti -capitalist proletarian assembly Rome 18 February 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-08T17:34:00+01:00
Images: [' PHOTO-2023-02-08-17-05-16.jpg ']
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-8-febbraio-da-palermo-contro-la.html 
Scattered notes of mfpries that followed the Nudm National Assembly in Turin in electronic mode 
Author: fannyhill
Description: The reporting interventions were quite lively in the abortion table, especially against the government's attack on 194 and on the re ...
Time: 2023-02-08T18:47:00+01:00
Images: [' Piattaforma%20donne%208%20marzo%202023_page-0001.jpg ']
In the table on the abortion the DidoTuncine interventions were quite lively, especially against the attack of the government at 194 and on the fetus. This battle must be brought, it has been proposed, in local emanifestations.
On the violence against women ** he proposed to make writings of memorial places of femicides, to organize networks made up of professionals for women victims victims of rape, sexual harassment, to create chat ofquarters to report dangers, to intervene in schools And Hannolanto the slogan: against the patriarchal violence strike - strikes!
On the Strike of women of 8 March he intervened on the need to relate to ecological movements, to support the deglistywriting struggles, and of the workers, to make union assemblies, establish the workers to organize the strike of 8 March And for those who cannot make a slowness in the workplace. Finding more capillary forms of the strike message. Resumption of the feminist plan to update it. Theme squares caravan precariousness
Go beyond March 8 with the fight against the government 
The proclamation of the strike was communicated for all sectors, private and public made by the Slai Cobas calling it good news.
Creation of a permanent table on the sexual and reproductive health , against theoretical debates on the life of the fetus; abolition objection of doctors; increase in weeks to abort; Cultural mediators in hospitals pearls foreign women, and outside the cath/fascists from the consultors who must be aPottenziati.
On the war it was said that it must be one of the central themes in this March 8, as one of the most ferocious representations of capitalism.
Possible connection with February 25 of the IDezva of the Digenova Ports.
Continuation of the permanent table Racism beyond March 8, questiondocumenti, institutional and legal violence
On the issue so -called/41 bis they expressed themselves in the presence of others, in particular a companion of climate social camp, but also Dananotav spoke of the so -called question/repression
The Nudm nodes intervened almost exclusively, also online.
The intervention of the MFPR 
which invites the National Telematic Telematic Telematic Workers' Assembly at 5 pm at 5 pm, to organize the mobilization of the workers for Ottomarzo Meloni's government raised the black flag of "god, homeland, family" ... and children, because women are "weighed" and can only receive elastic on the basis of the number of children they have and who do for IlCapitale and today For the imperialist war, and prepares to attack the abortion, which always accompanies the double oppression and the Middle Ages for women. Today this black flag is the useful ideology for imposing misery, war, attack on work, with the inevitable increase in deifeminicides.
This is why this March 8, in these women's strike we must say Chiaroper what we fight. We do not want a "radical transformation of the capitalist system", we want its reversal!Not to be able to equity, ecological transition that respects the environment and of the existences, equitable distribution, etc. etc. To those who every day at the maximon conferences, in the Assizes do "bla, blah, blah"(as Greta says)And then in the facts it takes our lives.
We must bring and fight for a platform that arises from the struggles of the workers, precarious workers, unemployed, women of the squares. This is the platform that we also propose in this assembly( nota )Today the workers say that they no longer do it for the workload, lepening conditions at work and out of work, in homes. And some stannogy 'transforming this cry on a strike, fight. An important example, also for the other workers, are the workers of the Beretta , which by organizing them directly a assembly at the end of October, an assembly, managed directly by the workers, launch a message of the diproagonism, unity, does not delegate, towards The other women, workers.
And on February 23 there will be a new assembly, this time electronic, to organize the strike of 8 March on the workplace, to which we call to be there. 
MFPR
_ We get that the Slai Cobas for the class union has already independently the women's strike, open to all workers, of the 8marzo. This notice unions covers all workers, also to other unions or not registered ._
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/02/appunti-sparsi-di-compagne-del-mfpr-che.html 
PC February 8 - Minister Crosetto in the Emirates for the affairs of Leonardo and Fincantieri 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-08T20:04:00+01:00
Images: [' Crosetto-Emirati%20Arabi.png ']
 The Meloni government widens to the Gulf in the search for a "place in the sun" in fact, memory in the interimperialist dispute in the strategic area of the enlarged delmediterraneo. But of "strategy" in his foreign policy there is Ilnulla, there are only business for the masters, from Eni to Leonardo Afincantieri, to weapons producers, who support the role as an Italian imperialist bourgeoisie comprimaiodella in the shade of imperialism Use, in a area of possible war developments in the dispute against China and Iran. Unruole, the one carried out by this government, which, without any opposition of the(Indeed, the Democratic Party is in full harmony on foreign policy and defense and 5S are not yet received: will they remember that, with the Conte government, they had revoked the burishgers of export of the bombs of the RWM Italia used the civilian populations in Yemen?), strengthens ties with regimisanguinaria, reactionaries, dotted dotels, and with the terroristisraelian state, to compress the potential of revolt of the Arab masses, always crushed by economic crisis(worsened with the consequences of the Ukrainian war)and repression.
In this context, the visit of Minister Crosetto to the United Emiratiarabi is inserted.
From Agenzia Nova: Crosetto can "leverage his good semi -institutional conventionary relationships in the defense industry - such as Leonardo - and benefit from formal and informal contacts" established at the company with the "Gulf monarchies and In particular with the Eau after diplomatic lacrisi unleashed under the Ministry of Luigi Di Maio "(who, in the 2021, had revoked the export of missiles and plane bombs Using the bloody Blood War of Yemen by the Emirates and the Arabiasaudita).
Also Fincantieri boasts a ten -year presence in the Gulf Country, Cheadura since 2008. The Emiratina Navy has an Abu Dhabi Corvetta of 90 meters in length and two class -class patrolls 2, delivered in 2013. In December 2021, then, then, The Mubadala Investment Companye Sovereign Fund The Italian Cantieristic Group have signed a Memorandum of Intesa Voltoad "Starting potential collaborations in the field of advanced technologies and services in the naval, maritime and industrial sectors".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-8-febbraio-il-ministro-crosetto.html 
Increasing tension between NATO and China 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: During his visit to Japan, Jens Stoltenberg expressed concern about an ever -stronger China, and hoped for increased cooperation between NATO and Japan. In a joint statement from Stoltenberg and Japan's prime minister ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T21:01:55+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-08T21:01:57+00:00
Images: [' Jens-i-Japan-1160x659.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Asia'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

During his visit to Japan, Jens Stoltenberg expressed concern about an ever -stormer China, hoping for increased cooperation between NATO and Japan. In a joint statement from Stoltenberg and Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, both concerns expressed "increased cooperation between China and Russia," China's threats Recipient, and China's "threatening behavior" in the surrounding sea area in general. **
The visit was part of a series of state visits to Asia, where, among other things, South Korea and Japan are encouraged for closer cooperation with NATO and to increase sitting contributions to Ukraine.
This happened almost in parallel with the US authorities claiming EREN Chinese spy balloon was observed(and later shot down)over American air rooms. According to the Wall Street Journal, this episode should be the cause of State Secretary Anthony Blinken exposed his official visit to Beijing. The ETAs for the visit were to be China's deliveries of so -called "dual usegoods" to Russia. These are goods that have both civilian and military use areas, and are thus sanctioned.
In a meeting between Russia's Foreign Minister and China's Deputy Foreign Minister in February, the parties agreed to strengthen their strategic cooperation, as well as increase the degree of cooperation in global and regional issues. In late January, the US General Mike Minihan expressed concern that China willed Taiwan by 2025, in connection with the presidential election in Taiwan in 2024.
Read more: 
 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/08/okende-spenning-mellom-nato-og-kina/ 
P 8 February - USA and Italy are preparing for the extension of the war against the civilian population: agreement between carabinieri and US Army for joint training 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-08T21:12:00+01:00
Images: [' carabinieri-US%20Army.JPG ']
from the ants site;
The United States and Italy will expand cooperation in training to peace maintenance and stability through the new Peaceand Stability Training Partnership. The two allies aim to double tear, sharing and implementation of the know-how for effective dipeacekeeping operations and for the transition from conflict to stability
 The director of the Italian Center of Excellence for Police Unbumber Police Units(Coespu)General Giovanni Pietro Barbano, and Colonel Jaylidick, director of the Institute for Peace and Stability Operations of the Delus Army(Pakoi), at the Italian Embassy in Washington DC, they have affixed to them on a joint declaration that strengthens the collaboration the two entities.
Doctrine and training
The agreement stipulated has the aim of further developing an EUn Training program thesis to further expand the basis of both organizations, and to increase its synergy and, denonal, the ability to operate together of the units formed by the two hundred. These, in fact, must be able to act in scenarios dintability and work to establish or enhance the authorities in charge of security and civil control, on the construction of the rule of law that is the protection of civilians.
"Pksoi and Coespu are niche organizations with similar mandates chemigliorano combat skills and at the same time ensure that Forzesian capable of conducting public transient security when operations go from combat or conflict to local governance," concluded Lidick.
Why do you need the "experience" of the Italian carabinieri for the USA army? 
The Italian carabinieri act in the context of the military occupation Natosotto the UN in Kosovo with the specialized multinational unit that is based on the open.The nucleus of the carabinieri has always been lined up in the northern part of the country, characterized by a strong presence of Serbian ethnicity, and above the city of Mitrovica, where protests have concentrated.
KFfor Intelligence, the battalion of surveillance and recognition of the issue, stationed in Pristina, is also commanded by an Armyitaliano officer, the lieutenant Colonel Fabrizio Naso. And other ninety soldiers, coming from the armed forces and the Italian carabinieri, are stationed by the NATO headquarters in Pristina. A Liaison Monitoring Teama Italian Guide is also part of the Regional Command East with the US Guide, what work in the capital.
These "niche organizations", as they call them, we saw them inaction in the bloody repression in Genoa in the G8: 
In Genoa he commanded, directly from the Fiera area, General Leso.fondator and Capo in Bosnia and Kosovo delle Msu, Multinational Specialized Unit, the international police financed by NATO, was also at the head of thesecond mobile brigade of the weapon, with the aim to train and coordinate ireparti on a war mission. Among his men, Parà Tuscania, heads of the Gis and Ros. With Leso there are hat, today greater, and Trulglio: in 1994 they are all together in Somalia and are mentioned in the Aloi memorial among "the authors or people informed of the violence perpetrated against sommela lapopulation". 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/p-8-febbraio-usa-e-italia-si-preparano.html 
International: Actions for International Communist Association (Update No. 22) 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: Here we share an overview published by our comrades in communist international, over actions performed in honor of the foundation of the International Communist Association.
Publish Time: 2023-02-08T23:19:13+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-08T23:23:52+00:00
Images: [' FOTO.png ', ' V5bW0Tt9MSVv09Kr07CWfbJ1knJTfghZ-6VeJGxTlQdwV1f0u8qJnQ2t69n1I-tYTESpOlX92SoovMzKz3Xflnrl8pTKdbEKOvr1hSMknF1C5lv1CjanQ57XlLmU6IpMtGcjBPm-8B9Gp3Bt3qq836HoZZOk0QISuuOkK3PLag0yjp6i8iQww9Y ', ' ntb3LugTfuny8vtmTd1hSSpsmu6qR5WyKkjrK3G3s55mw3aubRlL77lwprbnR24ErRycu8TO3bqY8EuygcHTjNacIoFaFD0M9M6TmCvZcgC5sVl3F-kSqGmCv_-9FRPdrkCdlFuJbF-3nLM2-BZSV4PVTNpKGD223hihmCeJOE-slO20-3yJh0s ', ' jKkK3b4x5JOG7-uU3GcBiF45B25zDawlKR3qX12dQYkPoszTOo0fOfh59-FgsB-9xyLrarvNiuqGERCume97uXmo8Uz3rPmfhy24nR2_bOX_i0MDyjW8VSbHnjSMjJt5dcYdvKtaIv4aV1v-MV4b4ptF_avWpUCTvqqwK39CmqO9orFrojJxaWA ', ' ORTMa51ghU-nOVYzPAuMZnCddwLc6Adq9YzaM82cqrYKb3G6KlaZeJbabmWNYYour48a1q1bTnIDlyduEfiHst7Y6V4vbJdKeRy-fm-KhHsvqJa9Voo_q85hMXc1SsV5X3LhiaeqSSuGLGIbAcYUJ8J5xN6CTZihnLpXp9V1eNXF2rYxyS6_WCs ', ' J2VBGUFaDqc8yYZrB06mtqPJfwp-Yr9RCux4tG25spV2HzQKB_CLE95iXQ8nBWgfZOEi4T99qW4WKr75IZ0HiHF8u7Zf6yGtbuquXzmSXuFXm-OMElMMCl-LfwmAyyBVS7Bq55Qz817qCVVp5mHLcPSqEj_He8CHshrciw2ImtuAAoSuAcEt2CQ ', ' DSCN0466.limpio-1024x768.jpg ', ' DSCN0471.limpio-1024x768.jpg ', ' LR8H21gdWHML6gWB5PebRR2fV6wt9zhjGhMe5fSD78uk1ZF6nWCByczD-HI277fqb6Pgpot1OoMI14Cj5zMFWdGXc8hI2RmIp6O1kO4m8xpYDZmVpCNgasLXDSl3H8hsrxdr-dBBO96YjdyBN4DOjMqy0q6EeZ16E6QSxukmh4DE0Cos0dyHtKw ', ' 6e_yZzF-1N_CAS-jeD7fP4yygzAUg8KJ5OY4JBc_lUq-04wk1-E9tpVRj74utLRhPIpWhCU5o3YrwuqBi8pzVI-ZNJjeeQqEd9hfcqcP2ou8ZBrtbjQHqZCmPvSx58Ww554RoodahTnVR2KiOmVbX2cTU0lzX7AOrZcN2_QKcQdBoBAm1chV_0c ', ' eONIFAJESocW6BprtHSOhe5c2PvMKhiIMa06ZYG9oWYoYsqnjaN-32korGX7wl9HViMVUfDkMROPEZOADYrqgcNXKdjBMfX3NZfUL_cnwoKzUG5CjclSkhkSdcn33kALmg8rzrMiaAUaCSFA_bQjYy4FbDZq7IBge-JyMAD_ik7IT3iTA9DwDkE ', ' n1BZYGfM8uRBWEtpjBIdwMqquJTNAaJedIU-8SVpLNqnFBLMtnvPVuT-DE2eTjru8orANGXSOQoAnHlhM0QVc_vvL8KV1vvpMvAnnJUkIHEVlgq12wHtmKAYw3c4ncksHPohw3gjqb2sqUw3gjeX8BUwZeVT4Tgfh8abkwatLXZXcc0fGxreCG8 ', ' QkU-Nz4L7-qCFP2rev5avrcLHGe-kWBvsGxucnjr5BEO31_1BBEwOGfAS5fQv_pKh7adnSYRCwy4F2NjHLi9qyVBfWmJHLfE54isVK30H0YFuTT88YVi-3Dv0Yz2qQ5Lyr9dnbCufyokNyd3PnPgqMUS3jNc6Bz7TfMxU6i3vThQEh9Zza8C3LE ', ' bz-owJE55cxuwlAQQ4HoZn26RzSoCiOpc-MGWpqNVDIwS8rnqe4mLtXWY-rE0wQEYPq4CHGcmPPo4N3UpGxCHu-bpGhzC1TGm3V3yLjkpzlxOWe2yeHVJ7-haLbq4D3ZgaHyRCYRrbSJXHdH526nD5lqdyGYEhRNe8BWjRa0nrhqsWk_0387AXE ', ' 4a5ADLc7d51U9ZF39Uf7_EWr-ZvcN0jDMkwrlsPs5EUxiGMxMUPnNL-1RqWtRbjXu4x7ao6y78JWE5QQycsyb-l0lVlC1hpCPpvT2xIrjL4lgsGf8TKjOBpgpY08v2W1Op2zcyn69nLY_BTprQFI-XpVM7CLeGrupMPif6px0mHYvx0Cf18JhRo ', ' cA6OVigZ7Azff6mvEifCQixL1St_9CiM4HYbrh4pE3z0GsmmMBtKHZv5LjBuOjaDIhyrC1roH0_3LhlaohMsUujOz8akGC5yIJq7w-NQVVI5RIkv7N81g1OJxXzm02-Q7yCheeSvsZUQfxrhKYJ9HLGXtD6e8qxM-_SKRm14m5-IyxKgMXb1T1U ', ' Chile1-1024x576.jpg ', ' 2-1024x576.jpg ', ' Chile3-1024x576.jpg ', ' Chile4-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile5-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile6-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile7-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile8-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile9-1024x768.jpg ', ' 1.limpio-edited-2.jpg ', ' 2.limpio-edited-scaled.jpg ', ' 3lIMS_pq9Fq2jGShLdCYKwepfzhQuu-iJnz3LSCIyZ_3jurDqfyuUz8nDA6b8PMxYT-F57L_CFHCaK2gSE2PDQR0DuBXTv1VbzQfOfjLtS6qquUStnzY-Oau1QKMxi5jJsG0pmouR2sEkzAxFTYtVQwMh6CxDrXFNNQ4GUgcrAQIDWSQ2nELaKA ', ' zA_VFvlIOG2aD0eGRI9trJrWqUsxHGD1SBuqTLMOGsZbUgUs0Lpt4zPqGgdovIBOV2KTSOPUTlY9kwHltjDrCUoIAhXneRC-ASL19_6mJRtCebHtvfIRCgRDrM1uez-5wML4GYIQBIVJgUO0npSzZNTDrySwgZ9G9gLX9jDi3z2LFKzQAKftQvw ', ' ICL-propaganda-austin-texas-usa-1024x641.jpg ', ' vcD2xwyx1LWtHQupxQ5JZs_-x5C9bkdRaCHFFYFj37YDElyi1cH9D8AIwb3EcyMHXxAlIf3KUQNoWZACBx9FlKbtHDbV04S27TFt2fj72vOAW7kX37XjZQ7pK_q8qs02Nfao-phIJP6rw9C84NQhgsMbDRKBZfMv3mwRkVjzTjGZzkEqR7CWEeA ', ' g1RV2KI1NJ4aaAGfGRIm0LWfBh6JA5ARZkFQvKptEOe3Q_UjNYwdKr54yq4Ii2I56qV2zvth46cWnsUTJFzslGFSoBqsQbFtdD5zYpPBH59wWNmp0idDcogNIAozyXjiaCiTfR4RcxFavO4AGRbl2dK8oxt71Vf7chRT8_2_oIuWuCLqcta3lTs ', ' i-bYuxZNWyOntykzYR7TQcgFrjb7ZwqdaWHNqiplAXRM0SJ5r9rHCkjwOYipkmIFNgULtNvQ1lZBuBa9CaKSzZNxNb5ll2z1i2Jard9p04zGt7l8ziVGXuw7bWsAndoObz1f_99e71aaRNtjAFx91kwkhprDWWZjLtDnxJ7e86yE5jgm3adv9vw ', ' xrCGubtRTAw7M3i1ZdUu4WXgSFhPeDbmX3X9RWsrcFrP9rf49jD-rn-NQl7eWLrTovCK-htlB4xQd5ZtVlPncQOJjD-cGH7WymyHcXtbPGt9ezNN-_TVaYI-jubjZoerS7fquqxejgBC3yDDsYp-DvCtzVQxRwhn8qcgnNgf-O8UsTBZSN9enZU ', ' OARidKqLLTdycxpMjUJ4MDxYPraawJ1Uu_5Ofih8chwKoGbXGEvTd0Xu_ueKB-RipyKw48vjFnybNHGSCyyXaez1EG1FQaXt1RaJxFUarMQnk8Fh6TRJ1IrSHPz4FUye0Bk2ewgyhIGhN2B4ggRll_B6p82Vx007m1_miq6f4762ppvABrhvXf0 ', ' KKLinternet-1.png ', ' KKL1-1024x345.jpg ', ' 3PBEfg9pzuiZP-8QEeILNopUBT4CoxscowaqHR9vKbPpS6x6c1UFrw7mhVoyEvMEDxdBXf6CnHV6lwe7kIgA9Rk31bv9ru_eFv_T9pu9NpfZ2hM1OxQtDr6flPl6LPmWWWQro0Qya5qxyfeeIWrJvb8zVtsY_9psUXIZ3ZF8Q4kGYiXGeyNbXlw ', ' cxF1ahluQRf52wSI5MCopkd8TPKdmnlsKAZEl18j1NHrH_qvyrdrQDQ1CYvAf0RV_AK_J5xBicqrDOOwb4179srlTK6SvpECVptXEaZQRA7iSoaFlm8V6Ezxl4s96sWA1GbhFqMF9zJuQqQnCDauns9sklF1A7CNnhu_feUQ1JNdl_Y4AUMJM84 ', ' 3DNzyX7TrT63Y349LO-BE1rTp2UnoO_rv_5doOh0-E-ztt2Od294Ym6vt70iZjhBC8Oy2oO8vwdz5XgOoDDubpyN7gOgpkRjkYpQV6oiv1xo-fKj_OHNS1YM6rQePgYfaPnOkIbEYdxu_zA0UyUQFud96ZY3xYQO7IhB9FmkZAKUWqgGHA_AZAM ', ' K0QB-GE8FEG9mnrTCEGQY-3EgAdEaAcKa_UNGU-N1DKjUpZSBq7CZBqxRsqCSSQcaWSluz7YQXphCG94nYNZ5fd1y_v1dN9j3ZG421frMdJmMtvodLZE-Wx__w-zJyV6JG8nfjVmmDBbOJC8Jhp8uG8tT9B5acYNXpWgHc9E_-Y24xrRiomqvWQ ', ' XcgWaJ0T7wQvxPpXxnWDWQepgZSl3XGvR2sFOgNGUMUp2UQdixhaAFnxUbffVlQzrj8d9ccd3H5KZBWK-PvyBRwVov8IlyXrdcwqThh7Npw9O4ZnB9fSzamKrH8yW5XXezzyx9frEPTYW1t4e7WtiTx2qkYhRFwPQTJp-y1BV8_OfYkH-PfDtyc ', ' KQuv9DzXQE9gMRa5lq4_6lGyn3KED4mha628i0AAZmMRf1exLavGm8APYo7VQSgnCdw4aDKCBATmFU_qqX9xnT2B5dVelIPU0lGZPTX0-mrklww8Nqusscfux722gp19icQB-Eq0_grhFmQGZLZaTFe9JAhLMp1TZOiuLbHRulnuvTD8mrxQUCc ', ' vm1wfGWUoa--5JR2AJtRz7mQCYuJYxUNn-LLEntBVeqdYI5uXQtOtz_kOVe5Oattu8X67LwESkjjoCxqbbNMIa5fBPnql06PySaWCwdIU_-Fhm9RaYb25Mb2hLNoMMsLwgi1j58KwulW3W_V_AIs9eKduQ9oXJBWx0zJyga3enRVtI2Tkr0kg9g ', ' BYqdOjeaxiRQb1ajIUORjSPGFJGHwol-xM1uMoVtpb5wrXK1XZirtOXCHVPEOXy2EfwRC5nKp1GyAZc6UVOUiHfwEOy1tBTPcp3uChPBmrCpBJF2pqO_uiPJEx5Lgdo1tey1T5Uj0rlBBW4c3DhUdCwJd736ZDdjo0cKROX_JI1Rt3Zzs0zbC0g ', ' 8H_E2vsJLvYF8Rv0BReFFI81ZYC0Knz9aUzbptyuq5dgauzlOiAm_VBOE-slE_aVyyj7HgLL-cpQ2QodrpuJY8Gtg4CJv1AAqd60WxE0AGb5w0v1sv7RXp00AZiPr4PIvRpQdaWY7F6lAvp3f85YLI0EsnIYb3f3KKCKkZKdx1-qk2er4QCUrUY ', ' Fz2K1aMJm5fpIkRVIruQ4W_PZ1t_rKXSIzeld7gQF9HZEPGUIIGeXBCoXBCUP81WCaPtIzFrkjMngrZs7EuqQfQrVi_g5Yct03PfUaljTAlQZ0eTLVRg2wo7TkzfZeLjZH4BwO2d9eSj7pp9erAIo_cfUZzNdOedObiAu16Z6f7dVgsaDdCglTc ', ' nh6evV-M44aljb7c36QgrTebjnFVZNvnF3Y0N451AqlcHMGWFKTG-0XoNGGQVBL3vLqFuAS_a6wA0aolyx-awqQvPcoirT9olIBPeJYUTRub223ftpinc6DML6whMwcafctXyQJXw3HIUE1vrit-dEydB2BoxY12jXGOLEYQE71P6BTFEuVxeS0 ', ' AVr5PDLNnmJEZ2hg_SxQgkefq-EbW9FJsqQK9_YgwNL99RCW1NVn5LpeEeWxSK6_X_C6eASUmPyJzlT4oQKvbRDDmriSqmIuzOxVRly6tiwM3iD6CVVwq0jGSdZuDGcQ47w8VCWfmsmWTGs1sSArljVXVVGubw9kTFpBIbRC9DDemUgENFMviF4 ', ' Ri5Q1eDyPaQS2sTwNmI-MIpvCLkkla7z2WaWCnh6Oh52_vPkTCILmd_tkQKTCoZkTnvaS4jpE6wAjaoOW0Jxrzk5qHVst_LjcfNEg9wCSlIP1RmCsp1vOFfD0l0BsCNK7LyTfOMPJwrn7ES1sFhyKnR9E04mE71X9ZU8eqi0DeyOm5bvRKFy6DQ ', ' seyvO5ofERGIhZzUT_orInGeo43vAAMBeXXilFAHr26D9wrk3vsfr9H-ktfIEkS4Wp521xNRvoHBR-b8ZmIw0Gjo7BBkKjr81l0bm8NOOJsbo0JUXIcyuir8Zd1Sexx8zHyXp5YdiWKTyCspTFvGU4W1FN4_k7614yjBmnnYsisJrc-VHo5dsSY ', ' vFaiYpbSsFcJPfsxokYWRyJB2eoec3O-a45ZI_KWM5SaVe4qOsjf8uOZ7L6paHneGqjQQi22C-1nOg4dFcMjDt0x7JLg2vamMC4br0mZOcxGFKuKniJV_TK0GfNU_RDFCguJsT_OkSBXdNRE-P-GF6U3sgNYQZWyNlcUCS8G79BThcgplIenSzo ', ' LHKHIZhUnO4pxBxPG66Y7hIGjnUgddHtR3ifwutGYTxdPIK_KYpjUnBueal8AmuloCkQzrYCrbaXXg5BrPfSmxgnl99zF4c3IqOnzfne5NYBDWgxT6sDSoZpV6FU4X7Easrh2tXgjo4_vR4Ersw0-Vg5LFLFp2Q1om0xHhMGspa8Fbz12nxfJiA ', ' 2jTKwMZovft53rWb5D5iSJbxMUkbZNF-64vi9r4PQRclTzJ9t_hHA92BUolPvVMlGfQxl78s7iIVFwRWVGRg_q-6z9WKAdby3ZcL0nQojPZg9nNjqfS-HWvGAgBTZg9kgZUox9t_I3SyuIVD-DU9SVn1nJgbGGyrZLFGY1DixDVtP7HcF1ONXDc ', ' BEBU69O545tFLUGX1ccYgStNjZ-siFdOIeIl5UebN8JgGEfVdJXXHa3bO_77_T1LIyGiK7AxRvmwPoP86DPr4mD6rb9sAgPxzNuW9HtHjZG-gEUkwxsA-XRd7ZRP7sx7t3dcoaCPhcA6xNhy6OS_-j3cw0s3r4Ga2B4dJEkNFOtspGVCo0jGpxk ', ' PHig8bondFdkqI6w9Q99m3iqSWz2Go3J-LyNLTvZKz89D_nziH0nOym1bJP5I3Zg3E-hCa7DEvpZae43_9k0w9rlMluRBOzC87iQ4RxRtfhu4ZsN-b-R_Ovn_SXIznf2Tn_rKqPT9M7l_X2VBoHo5OJAkIzGql0sfVfHI6hkwAD4ia5kt9RZRB0 ', ' C4Wb7mqoBACWoP30jV7Lz--0VgHTrD9pLriOb4OxZV5yDYhgCOgCu8rCn2sA0EKNHN_1ULZPiUm7Wgk5_x8vkT4TmxebcLxLemXfOL_i29RI0Db43dCLduuZKU53hDlj75MGkofNEt7CuynMHjkqOdF5Xdp5i3KmIt9dbdj_TcQ6auvSeiL6cSo ', ' f9-dtUezS7MZYL088hL95f3otvEylnsrOTZwHdu7npdsQhzdaYgI4dhpkFHDn6rYZsyLkCGNu4DLRfZFnqdJwfr3Te6LLgz9d8pcQjsq-Qwh9gT-VmYsSnxf3qgoftXXXE6ZUQJXcqf864yeFBDqmXD5RxF18QDX_WI-t4AiLkdnT_wfHc4jGTc ', ' mtULbyrVDlArWFNpxCpQmL2tXxnpBrFP5-dDs5XisT9pRKvEB2dnVxTqGjRAEZYPLKKJaMDbBDR-nAlE_kSoxgNu7oCEUoEuE3IbppvWvg_qGaOkP6Z_zP-uvhjzQyDqN2XImZdNW1cy0ZnfKNoYn9VmSB68qUMRLFe6p4jWURVGIux6SmLrgas ', ' lYsBHnRZUKobYjhdUKCffQOkhJbrFsGY1CPM00aHHh6kIUr5aYkhpjU30iXpqZbFe9EOV5o4rf2MjBc4Sol8anp_vWS9kuYNn466fJgXwr2HZZJ6RuGN2AVc3EZ1293CqTthHnsSD0J6bF48i7m0uPPZdUgdAn8ZYlPZ3sSDdhD5nByVZ3qVOL0 ', ' sLk9oav6llZYIdMk0h2xSCG2X6vGMrejj4AfE3D4V85_ScxYjau_-dfMP8tTpxpKRn9uLLUlKHSN1entl_aOhQE6sFkcYt0OONhC97AfAHqHehGZUSlirLx6WXo-ws7vg_E6TuwnWaAG3qEtnLMIVC3dc7B_KkOXuPmuRiJUyHoJgza1bl4NED4 ', ' re2dCV4Vp5h0PkmKP1b6qD2dYRh9_lT8ShveZO402j83FjysqMSQosRlHFMpgOT06_oIsKeHVFp_vB3uLXwsvUGdPsntMOHdbrwspuLR4sAm9zpekMu4XsyJUxmvD_01-GEeErUiBMnL6OEFgAYaxAaToKMchvaK4AnZkmcXJxmzCAj4BkNDYxY ', ' YBsnubNYj3SNZrmk0xELpOQxV939vK3ZG_KNlpTsiijCedDO4cegAkZOb3GsDCGyzCazH5kMP13uALvXUD40f4lPDa3oSBiyeobUoLhks_jpcsX_l6cBwfzLm0nVH354pxM2Os_AkvghP-hvtLfvkm40pw3mxb_vnT7UBiRHY4kQHiOrKJJqD30 ', ' Brittany1.png ', ' Brittany3.png ', ' Brittany4.png ', ' Brittany6.png ', ' Brittany7-1024x654.jpg ', ' Brittany11-1024x683.jpg ', ' Brittany12-1024x683.jpg ', ' Brittany13-1024x683.jpg ', ' Brittany14-1024x683.jpg ', ' h-McVa9U16ABekoPIPJSqzwrjpKkDyA3fjz33Jv2_dV20pFfNuzy6AAu4b5EqyIg3bNYbxKDpA-d9UUGl3qb4CHfMqO4PXOGfzsbPz8dzNqwQBq_aIwRoFOCCgYBUgru1Ia-GZxmg5ZDgi8euNkVfXmQgLKb-q8-Bl9tyZ_OM8eIXnzfGLvIZb8 ', ' IHWgoReQsKTnwMyjRBXzjEOyreYeWa69mGbMyHZ6prV4FUv0PSdzeDF-oiuAMPCinYtzBliSvaJIhjg781Mh_LonaX80Y3mIpHXhx3_vW81ADn792VYQXApBtL2re8mJ2Qga6ZKA_TN56b9SpVvbx1bsGiRfYgfzdI9JY7_ziL3SlE1VH7k2q4k ', ' _CepWqVV5v6e0tAzR7gGk7iryPuGFt69dzI-uV9NVWwFCjTNf84lqt0oqCSIqMYy8u_gg84z2gqOEDnUZKyKCbe7HM8w__ebzRYqc4nrjUrWs_QTorS9qAzsT60kAoA0KB1iUkDEtAvWqvBQ2MxI4CdwXztsvVq9x8whS-y4ZXNEXInVO9GFDUA ', ' 7DnjEjVUaFfIIZE2mWeykC0n3qZzAi8FCymEZw_RMOuZyZTO4aX_R7Lxk6HdwuqinAj-TAfw0zveITMzx5RtmkE4Jtcgp8n-BlouUnv76TrPxrT6bUoEDniGHm1ePoTdecR3IhuLUzgTwz5GTrstKloaeYHVSWPjzaoIGeHywk6JGX5LLjPDbKI ', ' Swg6TuxeRE66XZ-WtLFOfYp_OwWkU9PgIhBdS58SEMN2Kp1KRfp3SYfPj_y0J9VHFLb9GmrsUuURzV_tdNpiWskKUsD2PEt1WBSduMzTAE1H7nQNanoZQkCSnoRTDFFXloe9FbiZf8KclfIvwSaEX7Nk6q6jdrMTBv_3OgJuUqZkmU5GGL4FcVc ', ' 3nTgMgUXiuBk45HwW3mUqN1paSilPbsp9kZgY5SokYhKzarMtEfZjVCc_1ZxHwJRmU-I6HL5_y_dQWPuryTRApw1LEtobuVqzAoqSs2VouO4ZL1QjraqOjmjf6oFIPwvFuink86HivhUkdDMG-YdnPH89s1AmlAU1NNF2N1CE8Roh7nc0fOV-gk ', ' 4GfO7wyjxZRh8oc42YBNFwMyxMHYwgTrjpvjZfVR-GVcsyipiYiT8ZlKBPbQskALNlmJ91_G15inoZX-Ps-NSV93OsB-0aVtXdH3-1sy26hjRPf70S4xnn7uxoIxQijyQPSHneZR6naYR2ImcbdBQQN4LpsyxtLaVMpq3GqQcX3Nnu0ST5uhNUA ', ' A0BjYouN8Fgz-NQiMdWuOHEirJKWR1LJIKFx8AwaCa9ZTldwpWObsMEmWJHUOuVAXwbX7r7ra8yLwFC-cfc7Pl-QY7rXYk-I89lgfXUxDCie50LtUtw1JJD3PdDFLdifko-qChg9z4aJhUNdZhDpttZy-IAlMTnPY_Rzt7He_F040VNbP8ontVA ', ' LqIHbIm8m7cGS14HeAOIGKt9iGUAe1XV4LjklKbj9cQ22b0GgLJc70H0KNjrglmOQI68x7WqjvQPZlYWYjdkTI9iLrY1Z9phdBvVDx3VGuReWSwGtMeKqslq5ahDBwnR1lVXORHveNufQgK1_HKIAhuQTP2BkhXE5j7P5hVMcSs6bn1P7IWj10w ', ' nJ10aylAy_vGUjOD4IeIUBkgKOArt9E-RwZN5nMlGZVdcfzPnRms1Iq5WbKRgT3jhWjPIfjmbIiUxFFC8XMuMP1hEYlw94WfedgaDDQI-HvjasEazJWrr8naE1STL_Q7bTESwquswWULE5rwAAFJpmlUzoXJVUXs9yk8y0h5AZ9bUa_E440RqcU ', ' fvhPhct6LP-6LninDgNx-TcFl1IE7Y-BYbA9fyb0lpSO1C_sT2-QoK-uDYRfyzIygtr4XVUQ4UBcUI660neTFQEwPkNExO6iycPRpWODwskChf07mYOSwc3zyWuwIpCcCjwbFVaXN4mdMdCNB6s8vg6X4jkxhJwWkkxCcoT_EA_BiEkCLyhgAAw ', ' qnrYhyDYN7mvuLmGRc8pzMd-2kWZwbPQQcFQd8e9rAbdi9-EX3LQum0FUJacFGjB2ak3pVjNr1GeZyK35aB8WIpBUaO6es6G031gG9Kemce0erwAzSzWPt-APOdgFpNrSGUG31Oyo1WyIyNazYwoC0rcE7De7luVxAG1q6_rnhHbRnTOPF5R86k ', ' 1.webp ', ' Aalborg2-2.webp ', ' 0E498907-5896-47BF-9843-7C573C6C260B-576x1024.jpg ', ' 69A02A04-819D-4013-A45B-06DA5B2A4912-576x1024.jpg ', ' AF4AAB68-E534-4A2F-BFB7-7AA876370B22-576x1024.jpg ', ' D61E09FD-D01C-42E0-BD49-4E7CB100F984-576x1024.jpg ', ' F6FA7948-A9F7-454B-A3E7-D30397AA6BC9-576x1024.jpg ', ' solna.jpg ', ' solna2-1024x768.jpg ', ' uppsala-1024x768.jpg ', ' Goiania-City-Goias-State-Brazil-coutry.jpg ', ' 015_Universidade_Federal_do_Ama.jpg ', ' manaus.jpg ', ' amazonas.jpg ', ' amazonas2.jpg ', ' amazonas3.jpg ', ' manaus2.jpg ', ' parana.jpg ', ' parana2.jpg ', ' parana3.jpg ', ' parana4.jpg ', ' parana5.jpg ', ' parana8.jpg ', ' parana6.jpg ', ' parana7.jpg ', ' parana10.jpg ', ' parana9.jpg ', ' parana12.jpg ', ' parana13.jpg ', ' parana16.jpg ', ' parana17.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_3.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_1.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_2.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_4.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_5.jpg ', ' 1-18-Dourados1-LCI.jpg ', ' 1-18-Dourados2-LCI.jpg ', ' SantaCatarina1.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-1.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-2.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-3.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-4.jpg ', ' 1IMG_1509_Rua_Joao_Paulo_Primeiro.jpg ', ' 2IMG_1509_Avenida_Paulo_de_Frontin1.jpg ', ' 19-1-LCI-2.jpg ', ' 19-1-LCI-3.jpg ', ' Passarela_12_Avenida_Brasil.jpg ', ' Passarela_13_Avenida_Brasil.jpg ', ' Favela_do_Jacarezinho.jpg ', ' Passarela_do_trem_de_Olaria.jpg ', ' Metro_de_Maria_da_Graa.jpg ', ' 01_Bairro_Alto_1.jpg ', ' 02_Estrada_da_ribeira_atuba_1_1.jpg ', ' 04_Linha_verde_4.jpg ', ' 05_Linha_verde_5.jpg ', ' 07_Rgis_bittencourt_atuba.jpg ', ' 08_Rgis_bittencourt_atuba_2_1.jpg ', ' 09_Rgis_bittencourt_atuba_4.jpg ', ' 10_Viaduto_atuba_1.jpg ', ' 12_viaduto_bairro_alto_4.jpg ', ' 112_4437cleaned.jpg ', ' 112_4451cleaned.jpg ', ' Guarulhos_1.jpg ', ' Guarulhos_1-1.jpg ', ' Guarulhos_3.jpg ', ' riograndedosul.jpg ', ' consulado_zona_norte.jpg ', ' zona_leste_ufrgs_2.jpg ', ' zona_sul-edited.jpg ', ' 001MSDOURADOS_1.jpg ', ' 2MSDOURADOS_1.jpg ', ' 003MSDOURADOS.jpg ', ' 5adwawdawdawd.jpg ', ' LLL_Demonstration_2023_Internationaler_Kommunistischer_Bund_-_header.png ', ' LLL_Demonstration_2023_Internationaler_Kommunistischer_Bund_-_1.png ', ' LLL_Demonstration_2023_Internationaler_Kommunistischer_Bund_-_2.png ', ' image-15.png ', ' image-16.png ', ' image-17.png ', ' saopaolo.jpg ', ' saopaolo2.jpg ', ' saopaolo3.jpg ', ' guarulhos3.jpg ', ' riodejaneiro.jpg ', ' rj2.jpg ', ' rj4.jpg ', ' rj5.jpg ', ' TKPML_Istanbul.cleaned-1024x464.png ', ' TKPML_Linz.cleaned.jpeg ', ' TKPML_Basel.cleaned.jpeg ', ' MG1.jpg ', ' MG2.jpg ', ' MG3.jpg ', ' MG4.jpg ', ' MG5.jpg ', ' MG6.jpg ', ' MG7.jpg ', ' Shopping_Del_Rey_anel_rodovirio_3_2.jpg ', ' MG8.jpg ', ' anel_rodoviario_1.jpg ', ' col_estadual_Manuel_Ribas_1.jpg ', ' viaduto_av_comendador_franco_com_linha_verde_1.jpg ', ' RD1.jpg ', ' UdeA-3.cleaned-1024x576.jpg ', ' UdeA-4.cleaned-1024x576.jpg ', ' UdeA-7.cleaned-576x1024.jpg ', ' UdeA-9.cleaned-1024x576.jpg ', ' DSC_0015.limpio-1-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0021.limpio-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0041.limpio-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0045.limpio-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0026.limpio-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0034.limpio-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' eugene-action-1024x528.jpeg ', ' chile-curico.jpg ', ' curico2.jpg ', ' curico3.jpg ', ' curico4.jpg ', ' curico5.jpg ', ' stvk23a.png ', ' stvk23b.png ', ' stvk23c.png ', ' wien1.png ', ' wien2.png ', ' wien4.png ', ' linz1.png ', ' linz2.png ', ' stpoelten1.png ', ' meeting1.png ', ' sticker1.jpg ', ' painting-2.png ', ' painting1.png ', ' painting3.jpg ', ' painting4.jpg ', ' painting4.png ', ' mass-iniative.jpg ', ' mass-iniatitive2.jpg ', ' flyers1.jpg ', ' flyers2.jpg ', ' flyers3.jpg ', ' flyers4.jpg ', ' flyers5.jpg ', ' flyers6.jpg ', ' flyers7.png ', ' Steyr1.jpg ', ' Innsbruck4.png ', ' Innsbruck3.png ', ' Innsbruck2.png ', ' Innsbruck1-1024x388.jpg ', ' dazibao1.jpg ', ' dazibao2.jpg ', ' dazibao3.jpg ', ' dazibao4-1024x577.jpg ', ' dazibao5.jpg ', ' dazibao6.jpg ', ' dazibao8.jpg ', ' dazibao7.jpg ', ' dazibao9.png ', ' dazibao10.png ', ' 01.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 02.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 03.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 04.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 05.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 06.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' AUS_3-1024x683.jpg ', ' F1-LCI.jpg ', ' F2-LCI.jpg ', ' F3-LCI.jpg ', ' F4-LCI.jpg ', ' F5-LCI.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Internasjonalt'
 * 
_ Transferred for Earn Folket Media by a contributor._

Here we share an overview published by our comrades in communist international, over actions performed in honor of the foundation of the International Communist Association. 
Nye updates are at the bottom. 
Published by Communist International 04.01.2022.

Contents
Introduction 
All over the world, actions have been carried out to mark the historical news about the Foundation of IKF, under the slogans:
For you under Maoism!Down with revisionism! down with the imperialist war!Long live the proletarian world revolution! Long live international communist federation - IFK! 
This report will be updated. 
Colombia 
Slogans were painted and banners were set up in different places in the city medellin, Colombia.A banner and a flag were set up in Bogota, Columbia, to celebrate the IFK foundation.
  
Ecuador 
The campaign for the department of members of Ecuador's Communist Party, Sol-Rojo, ranges from painting graffiti, setting up posters and distributing flyers to Ohhenge a large banner.
       Full Report: Viva La Liga Comunista Internacional LCI 
Chile 
And slagord ble malt i maule, chile.FullStendig Rapport: Maule, Chile: Revolutionaries paint for the 101 years of the Foundation of the Communist Party of Chile and the new International Communist League In the communities of the city of Chillán and the rural areas of the Åuble region, the single department of revolutionary an intense agitation and propaganda campaign prescribed the communist association.
 Wall newspaper a rural area.  Flag set up in a rural area. Graffitii a rural area.  VEGGAVIS I NABOLAGET VICENTEREZ, Chillán.  VEGGAVIS I NABOLAGET VICENTEREZ, Chillán.  Graffiti i Nabolaget Vicenteperez, Chillán.  Banner set up in the El Roble-Nabaret, Chillán.  Banner Og Flagg I New River Viejo-Samfunnet, Chillán.  "Being a marxist today is to be a joke, long living Maoism, long living chairman Mao Zedong!" - graffiti isentrum of chillán
Action conducted by a department in the city of Talca, in the Maule region:
  
US 
On the morning of December 26, 2022, 10 flags for the newly established International Communist Federation, in English and Spanish, were seen from transitions over-motor road I-35 in Austin, Texas.
  
 
FINLAND 
Flag for International Communist Federation and a banner with the slogans The campaign was set up in tampers and Helsinki.
   
 For you under Maoism!Down with revisionism!- Down with denimperialist war!Long live the proletarian world revolution!- Lasting Live International Communist Federation - IKF!
 Den Politisisa Erklæringa Ble Publisert På Finsk:
 
 The slogan "Live International Communist Federation - IKF!" is painted itammerfors.
 Fullstendige Rapporter på Finsk: 26 . December 2022: Tampere 26 . December 2022: Helsinki Tampere: Revolutionary Posters' posters 
The slogan "For you under Maoism!Down with revisionism!” Was painted in The Hague.
 Full -steadfast report: Action regarding the 129th birthday of chairmanmao 
Turkey 
The declaration was published in Turkish:
 
Norway 
Actions were carried out in Trondheim, Kristiansand, Tromsø, Oslo and Bergen. Banners and flags were set up and slogans were painted.
 Long Live International Communist Federation!
    
 Live Maoism!Live chairman Gonzalo!Complete Report in Norwegian: Actions for International Communist Association 
Germany 
Wall newspapers were set up and slogans were painted in the cities of Essen, Freiburg and Bremen.
 For you under Maoism!Down with revisionism!
 Down with the imperialist war!Long live the proletarian world revolution!Fullstendige rapporter: Freiburg: Dazibaos and Graffiti on the occasion of December26th Bremen: «Long live the International CommunistLeague» Essen: Dazibaos and Paintings on the occasion of December 26,2022 
France 
Several banners were set up in different cities and paintings were performed during 24 hours, for the anniversary of the birth of chairman Mao Zedong and the founding of IKF 26 to 27 December. In Paris, in the 19th Arrondissement, Caen, Lyon, Toulouse, Limoges, at the diocese, in St. Etienne and in Le Havre.In Brittany, actions were carried out in the evening and the days after New Year's Eve, than with the tradition of riots and riots in the suburbs of France.
         
Armenia 
A banner with the text "Long Live International Communist Federation" is set to the center of Baku, on the statue of Stepan Shahoumian erected in 1931 by the Soviet government.
   
russland 
DOKUMENENE TIL INTERNASJONALT KOMMUNISTISK Forbund Er Oversatt Til Russian:
 
Italy 
Den Politiske Erklæringa Er Ovetett Til Italiensk: Historical news on the success of the Maoistunified Internal Conference: founded the Communistainternament League 
Spain 
Graffiti, banners and flags have been carried out the front energy monopolies of Repsol and Iberdrola, the banks Caixabank and Santander, some diplomatic buildings, such as the Brazilian embassy and the Colombian Consulate, and employer and business organizations in Madrid, Elche and Albacia.FullStendig Rapport: Actions for the Foundation of the International Communist League in the Spanish State 
Austria 
There have been actions in Austria on New Year's Day. In the new year 2023, just as midnight, in a busy place in Vienna, a banner was folded out and a flag -kept high. "Long live international communist federation - IKF!" Was visible for the eyes of hundreds of passersby who followed the action attentive for the first few minutes of the new year.
 
Denmark 
The document for Ikf bleed translated into Danish: Historical news about the successful holding of the United Maoist International Conference: International Communist Federation was founded! IKF: Resolution for Class Greetings to the People's War in the World IKF: Resolution of special recognition to President Gonzalo andpkp Fly leaves were distributed in Copenhagen and Ålborg.
  
IRLAND 
In Ireland there were painted slogans.
     
Sweden 
Documents from IKF were published in Swedish:> Resolution for special recognition by Chairman Gonzalo and Perus> Communist Party > Resolution for a class greeting to the world's> folk war Actions were carried out in Solna and Uppsala for IKF.
 "Connecting the Undermaoism!"   "For you under Maoism!Down with revisionism!”
BRA SIL 
Slogans were painted in the GOIânia metropolitan region in the state of Goiás.
 In the states Amazon and Paraná became slogans and flags set up in several places.
                    A flag was set up in a visible place in the center of São Paulo by the new year transferent.Flags were set up in North Mina's Gerais.
     Slogans are also painted in Mato Grosso do Sul, Paraná and Rio de Janeiro. Flags are hung up the center of Florianópolis, Santa Catarina.
         Flagg Ble Heist I Rio de Janeiro OG I Curitiba, Paraná.Several actions were carried out in Guarulhos and Campinas in the state of São Paolo, Iporto Alegre in Rio Grande Do Sul and in Dourados, Mato Grosso Do Sul.
           FULLSTANDIG RAPPORT: In Brazil, actions celebrate the Foundation of the International Communist League(UPDATED 24/01) #### Germany - lll 2023: "Live International Communist Association!" 
 Also this year, the LLL demonstration took place in Berlin in January. While this annual event is first and foremost a settlement between the various forces of the den revolutionist movement in BRD, the Maoists this year had another message: International Communist Association - IKF is founded!A diverse international contingent preached this historical message under the demonstration, and met the requirement that had been set in the previous years by the same demonstration - also in the fight: for the new organization of the Detternational Proletariat!
 
 Participants in the block are now full of joy and proletarian optimism towards developing the work under new and better conditions for the Communist's goals - Communism - and to continue the union of the international communist movement.
Norway 
Wall newspapers are distributed in Kristiansand and a flag is set up in Vennesla.
  > folket.no/index.php/2023/01/25/aktiviteter-de-siste-ukene-15/"> Activities in recent weeks 
FINLAND 
The slogan "For you under Maoism!" was painted in tampers.
 > maolainen-seinamaalaus/"> Tampere: MAOLAN> MALKING 
Brazil 
Flere Aksjoner Er Utført I Sao Paulo I Campinas, Guarulhos Og Vestona Av São Paulo, I São Cristóvão OG Rio de Janeiro, I DELSTEN RIO DE JANEIRO.
        
Turkey 
TKP/ML militants welcomed the martyrs' martyrs and communism with banned in Linz, Austria, and the establishment of IKF with banner set up in Basel, Switzerland.
TKP/ML militants greeted the creation of the International Communist Association(Ekf). De satt opp et banner på veien «Avcılar Metrobüs yolu» der de hylletetableringa av IKF. TKP/ML-militantene gratulerte alle komponentene i IKF ogoppfordra til en tettere omfavnelse av plikter og ansvar.
   
Germany 
A video from this year's LLL demonstration has been published:
brazil 
Several actions are carried out in the states of Minas Gerais, Paraná and Rio de Janeiro.
 
          > > #national > | We received in our e -mail filming of flags içada in> celebration of the International Communist League(LCI). Informações> apontam que o local dos embandeiramentos é Belo Horizonte (MG).> pic.twitter.com/wRYnjIxwjZ > > - The new democracy(@jornaland) January 30,> 2023 
  > > #national > | Flags and graffiti celebrating the foundation of the Communist League> International(LCI)were recorded and sent to the newsroom of and. Second> Information, the place of filming is the northern zone of Rio de Janeiro.> Pic.twitter.com/yl0uguly35 > > - The new democracy(@jornaland) January 23,> 2023 
 
Colombia 
          
US 
Revolutionaries in Eugene, Oregon gathered for a presentation and celebration The presumption of IKF, with speeches and discussion about the importance of the announcement.
 
chile Actions carried out in the province of Curicó, in the farmer's areas of Maule region, Chile:      https://prensachiripilko.blogspot.com/2023/01/maule-chile-Embanderamientos-por-lci.html 
FINLAND 
On Friday 27th, the 105th anniversary of the Labor Revolution in Finland was celebrated with the event at the Red Memor. Malmi cemetery in Helsinki. The poems, poems and speeches reminded of the sacrifice of the red class heroes and the loyalt as part of the efforts of deninational communist movement. This was portrayed by the flags of the International Communist Federation, the slogans of the banners("Long live international communist federation - IKF!" And "Everything without power is illusion!105 years of revolution!")And the message of Martyruka for the Turkish comrades - "Martyrs present in the match, long live TKP/ML!"
   
Austria 
In Austria, several actions were taken for IKF in four states(Vienna, Lower Austria, Upper Austria, Tyrol), in proletarian neighborhoods, wood universities, industrial centers and in events in small and large cities. Co -thighs of flyers and posters and various actions were brought the message.Full Report in German: https://www.dervorbote.at/%C3%96sterreich-zahlreiche-aktivit%C3%A4ten-Zur-Gr%C3%Bcndung-Des-Des-Ekb#wbb1 
chile 
Actions for IKF were taken in the municipality of Estación Central, Santiago and the municipality of Ramón, Santiago.
      
US 
Posters with the slogans of IKF are set up in English and Spanish in Austin, USA.
 
brazil 
Flags were set up in Goiânia, in the state of Goiás.
     

News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/02/09/internasjonalt-aksjoner-for-internasjonalt-kommunistisk-forbund/ 
Orchestras, Choir, Murgas and Ensembles of the CCC 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T85:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On Saturday, February 11 at 4:00 p.m. A meeting by Google Meet will be held with all the CCC areas of the country that have been developing musical work with different types of sets, or that they have projects to be completed in their respective places. In this meeting they will participate as companions of & Hellip;
Images: [' ']
Type: article
On Saturday, February 11 at 4:00 p.m. A meeting by Google Meetcon will be held all areas of the CCC of the country that have been developing musical work with different types of sets, or that have projects to be served in their respective places.
In this meeting they will participate as companions of the Campesine Federation, which have initiatives in the same direction.
The idea is that this year the program gives a qualitative and quantitative leap by articulating the different means to get budgets for the organs, choirs, murgas, comparsas and different assemblies that the companies have developed with so much effort, in some cases for years.
Also, provide a constant communication space to give mutually and provide information about content, repertoire, decapacitation days in official or private institutions, festivals, exchanges, etc.
From the program we consider that it is essential to optimize the links with the movement or a kid less for the drug and with other spaces that work for the development and containment of childhood and youth.
While the Ministry of Culture of the Nation has provided neuquén orchestra instruments(Symphonic instruments)And from Salta(South American instruments), these orchestras have not yet been able to begin with the lack of budget for the salaries of the teachers, it is necessary that our Yacanto orchestra(Córdoba), with a cultural defrant functioning, it is in full work of essays and concerts.
Regarding the search for budget for teachers' salaries and for the general functioning of orchestras and assemblies, we are requesting unions in two other national ministries: education and social development.
It should be noted that we have achieved trumpet and percussion professors for our silver comparsas(One of which is twenty years old). En este caso, el presupuesto para los profesores es provisto porla CAAC.
Efectivamente son distintas realidades y características en cada lugar delpaís y de allí debemos aprender para que durante 2023 nuestro programa tengael salto en su desarrollo que los pibes y pibas de la CCC merecen.
Contact: 11 3195 9089.
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/programa-de-orquestas-coros-murgas-y-ensambles-de-la-ccc/ 
For Natalia and for all! 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T86:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 17, at 11 years of the femicide of Natalia López, we will find ourselves, as we have been doing every year, in an act to remember and in it all the women victims of femicide. Within that framework from the multisectoral for the emergency in violence against women we set out to carry out activities & Hellip;
Images: [' qbv-por-natalia-rojas.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 17, at 11 years of the femicide of Natalia López, we will find ourselves, as we have been doing every year, in an act to remember it and in her to all the women victims of femicide.
Within this framework from the multisectoral for the emergency in violence against women, we set out to carry out awareness and education activities in Quilmes, Berazategui and Varela.
On Thursday 2 we worked in propaganda to make posters, paleros and volantes that shouted from our hands "stop killing us", "Emergency", "Earth, roof and work for all."
On Friday, February 3 at the Monteagudo pedestrian of F. Varela we made a open, we distribute a large number of flyers and scream "Natalia López present, now and always."
We participate in this initiative a hundred companions of the multisectoral women for the emergency in violence against women of Florenciovarela, companions of the Women's Commission of Florencio Varela, companions of the Evita Women Foot, companions of the class and political current, companions of the Autonomous CTA, of the Association of Workers of the State(ATE)from Florencio Varela, accompanied by the health promoters of the CCC Varela and companions of the PCR of Florencio Varela.
1,000 flyers were distributed and in the march we verified that not one was only necessary, in addition the neighbors who were in the pedestrian applauded and sang "not one more dead ...". We agreed to return to the pedestrian next Friday 10 and Friday 17 attend the march in Quilmes.
For Natalia and for all we will continue to demand in the streets the declaration of emergency in prevention of violence against women.
Correspondent 
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/por-natalia-y-por-todas-2/ 
Femicides How long? 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T87:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Almost every day we woke up with the news of a murdered woman at the hands of a male or with an attempt to femicide, that is, she does not kill her, but leaves her in serious condition. Every day we wonder how long? Every day we ask ourselves, how many more have to die for & Hellip;
Images: [' campaña-por-la-emergencia-en-violencia-río-negro.jpg ']
Type: article
 Almost every day we woke up with the news of a murdered woman at the hands of a male or with an attempt at femicide, that is, I do not arrive, but leave her in serious condition. Every day we ask ourselves, do you have? Every day we ask ourselves, how many more have to die to take action on the matter?
In 2022 there were 237 femicides and almost double femicide attempts.
In January 2023, 22 femicides and 21 attempts of femicide were recorded, which only in a weekend there were 5 femicides and 4 attempts. Each one with a lifting sallow and ferocity.
Femicides: Camila Mendoza, 25 years old, Chaco: her partner kills her by blows because a friend told her "he was unfaithful." Nilda González, 29, Moreno, Bs.As.: He dismembered her, one part threw her in one field and the other in the well -blind well.
Rosa Celiz, 53, Tucumán: murdered to stab. Natalia Castro, 41 years, missions: attacked with a broken bottle and then strangled by her partner.Jessica Olguin, 33 years, Marplatense: her ex -partner hangs her in Mendoza.
Attempts: Marcia Mattoso, 27 years old, missions: his ex attacked her with 10 stabs, she is serious. Cintia C. Bs. As.: He hit her and tried to nail a screwdriver in the chest, she is serious. Camila Juárez, 26 years old; CABA: former police partner in Public Lavía La Balea, interned serious. Mara Echeverría: 42 years(Mar Del plate)He lived a Calvary for 6 months, his aggressor had it kidnapped, hitting her, burning her, electrocuted with electric current shocks etc. The sister managed to save her.
On the morning of January 29, another terrible defmicide case was announced. The victim, identified as Alba Edith Ricotti, 42 years old, had been sprayed with alcohol and on fire by her partner last January 26, in the Serantes neighborhood, Corrientes. The investigation is caressed of the 21st police station and the prosecutor's office, who at the moment are accused of Acevedo, 41, who also suffered burns, so he remains hospitalized with police custody in the same hospital where Ricotti died, with 80% of your burned body.Putting data, percentages or some examples that live so many women with their numbers, ages, stories, it is precisely to demonstrate that what we demand is a staging, but is part of this cruel reality. Reality that without a doubt you have to change, working more on prevention and we get the femicides, that is, before and not after, which is already late, by lotant, the necessary financing and not the possible to address the public policies in a way Effective is an urgent need.
In short, we must redouble our struggle so that in this 2023 and before these truly alarming data and figures, the national emergency is declared enviolence against women. That there are promoters of gender and prevention of enviolence in all neighborhoods, cities and provinces of our country. That genderpromotors are paid, economic recognition is important since the most majority do not charge anything for a task that they already have been.
Not one less, we love each other.
National emergency in gender violence now!
writes María Rosario 
Responsible for the work between the women of the PCR and member of the Central Party
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/femicidios-hasta-cuando-3/ 
Salta: The PCR commemorated its 55th anniversary 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T88:00:00-04:00
Head Description: With a great act in the union of workers of the Gaseous and Related Water Industry (Sutiaga) on Saturday 28, political parties, organizations, social movements, leaders and militants, commemorated the 55 years of the Revolutionary Communist Party in Salta.
Description: The Salta PCR commemorated its 55th anniversary with the presence of Sergio
Images: [' Salta-conmemoración-55-aniversario-PCR.jpg ']
Type: article
 The PCR Salteño commemorated its 55th anniversary with the presence of Sergio «Bear» Leavy, Walter Wayar, Diego Arroyo, Fidel Puggioni and social leaders, union and militants, with a filled Sutiaga. The speakers denounced lacrisis that crosses the province, the advance of the right and agreed to find a wide front that achieves the unity of the popular field. Lamilitancia requested by Verónica Caliva Governor and rejected "the three fronts of the right": JXC, let's advance and the provincial ruling.
The meeting was dyed by the recent game of Héctor "Pancho" Quispe, who died days ago, "an essential comrade for Revolutionary Lalucha," said those present. The farewell, which was brought to the applause in tribute, brought the memory of other comrades, such as Oscarmonzón and Otto Vargas.
In front of more than 200 people, the main table was headed by the political secretary of the PCR Salteño, Alberto Rex González; Raúl Arce, San Martín coordinator; Nelson Salazar, coordinator of the Valley of Lerma, Rafael Ruiz and the national deputy for the front of all and president of the participation of work and the town, Verónica Caliva.
With crucial days for definitions and political agreements, the act was the Motivo for renowned leaders to coincide in time and space. Among them was present the president of the Victoria and Senatornational Party, Sergio "Bear" Leavy; The president of the Kolina Party and coordinator of the reference center of the Ministry of Social Development, Diego Arroyo and the provincial senator for Cachi, Walter Wayar, of whom is expected on the electoral strategy they will assume for the primary elections.
Daniel Escotorín, president of the Popular Unity and one of the referents of the Electoral Health "Salta to live well", which brings together leaders of other partishes and organizations, although he did not present himself, he sent his greeting. The speeches did not escape this logic Electoral, but they also portrayed a crisis scenario on the provincial citation, the progress of the right, the challenges on national management and coincidences in channeling an alternative project to the fronts that are already consolidated.
"We have great struggles and challenges, it is not only in the electoral, this year we have many struggles," said Arce, a reference of the combative and clogged current.In turn, Irene Cari, president of the Women's Forum, referred to the Lamilitancia of women and indigenous people and said: "They are killing us, it is time to bring the machines and discuss the policies that our nations want."
On his part, the Cacheño Walter Wayar, referred to the electoral issue he instructed the unit. "The popular field has to join behind a political project and not running as an unconcern where we can get two or two less, because that perhaps solves an economic problem to a family, but not the problems of the province."
The president of Kolina, Diego Arroyo, warned that many "underestimate" this political designer; "They underestimate that we have the ability to manage, to think about people."
Fernando "Huaino" Corregidor, a referent of the FOB, an organization that nourishes "of anarchism, of Maoism and the left -wing left," warned the progress of the right, which is seen "in the people in the end of the people with reactionary ideas, saying that he will vote for Milei. ”
Then Senator Sergio Leavy revalidated the contribution of social organizations and took advantage of the time to refer to the electoral fronts that are consolidated, as we advance, together for the change and the proprietial officialism, and of the three it distanced themselves. He advanced the possibility of converging in a electoral front with the PCR and the PTP.
"We have to make the impossible possible" 
Subsequently, the Zonal Secretary of the PCR, Alberto Rex González, more known as “El Profe Tito”, detailed the international and regional scenario in which the situation is framed, and toured historical moments of the country to understand the current reality. “In these elections we are going to make a wide possible forehead with the popular sectors, but we are clear that thoseolus is not enough. We have to organize, we have to defeat the right. We have to make the impossible possible, ”said the leader. “We dream big, and in a jump managed by retrograde, misogyny and macho, we aspire to have a revolutionary and feminist governor. But that is a dream and we are not imposing it, we simply propose it, ”he said in the middle of applause from the presentations.Severely, Caliva criticized provincial management and referred to the historical, electric and gender violence, and pointed out the false promises of mining. "There is an elite and minority that takes everything and there is no public overlap that one can highlight after the Robertoromero government," she said.
Correspondent 
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/salta-el-pcr-conmemoro-su-55-aniversario/ 
Our internationalist tasks 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T89:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We continue to reproduce extracts for resolutions on international and national political situation approved in the 13th PCR Congress, held in October 2022.
Description: 1) The PCR is a national detachment of the international proletariat. He lifts the flags of proletarian internationalism and has as one of its main tasks that of solidarity with the struggles of the world working class and anti -imperialist, democratic and popular struggles. 2) We condemn the brutal Russian imperialist invasion to Ukraine and give everything & Hellip;
Images: [' pintada-por-Perú-en-Quilmes-Berazategui-Varela.jpg ']
Type: article
 1)The PCR is a national detachment of the international proletariat. Raise them flags of proletarian internationalism and has as one of susprincipales tasks that of solidarity with the struggles of the workers' class and anti -imperialist, democratic and popular struggles.
2)We condemn the brutal Russian imperialist invasion to Ukraine and give all support for the great struggle of the Ukrainian people. We defend the authorship of peoples and territorial integrity. We also condemn the imperialist claims of the Yankees and NATO on Ukraine. We avoid the possibility of a new World War.
3)The PCR considers a priority task, in the international field, to articulate with all popular, anti -imperialist forces Yantiterratenientes in Latin America.
4)The PCR will work to strengthen the unity of Marxist-Leninist-Maoistic parties, since only from the defense of Marxism-Leninism-Moaism can be faced and defeated the ideas of revisionism and theneorevisionism.
5)We promote the solidarity of all peoples with our struggle for larecation of the Falkland Islands, Georgias and Sandwich of the South, occupied by English imperialism. We also promote solidarity against the unwilling decision to seize 4 million square km of the continental arrestin sea, underwater platform and Antarctica.
6)We give all our support to the great struggle of the Chilean people. Also to Lagran's fight of Colombia, to the great peasant movement, worker and Paraguayan, to the great struggles of the Brazilian people and those of Laclase Obrera and the peoples of Latin America. We promote and encourage the movements in which we participate, coordination and solidarity with Las Las Las Las in Latin America.
7)We repudiate the nefarious Yankee blockade to Cuba.
8)We denounce the role of the OAS as a tool for interference Yankee delimperialism in the internal policy of the countries of America.
9)We oppose the regional agreements such as the Alca, the FTAs, etc. We yapoy the economic integration of Latin America countries on the lip of their national integration, the defense of sovereignty and en -entertainment to imperialisms.
10)We give all our support to the struggle of the original peoples and nations.12)We must express our active solidarity with the Kurdish people, in particular with the resistance of Kobane, and all the peoples that are prowlled by Erdogan's fascist regime, including the Armenian people, Quesufre the aggressions of Azherbaijan, with the support of Turkey.
13)We support the struggle of the Palestinian people against the fascist government Deisrael, supported by the US and other powers. We denounce the military aggression in Lebanon and Syria, supported by the imperialist powers, which have caused the dead, displaced and refugees, and we sympathize with the people.
14)We give all our support to the countries that are the object of the aggression and imperialist yamenazas. We demand the withdrawal of the foreign troops of Haiti. We repudiate imperialist interventionism. We support the principle of the authorship of peoples and their territorial integrity.
fifteen)We condemn the installation of American, English, Chinese, Russian bases, or any imperialist country and the joint military operations in dependent countries.
16)We support the fight against environmental pollution that pools the health of millions worldwide. We consider inseparable the struggle for the environment of the environment of the antitrust, anti -imperialist and refolutionary struggle.
17)We give all our support for the resistance of peoples and appressed to the imperialist economic looting, as with the external debt, in which they play a central role and the multilateral organisms decrédito.
18)We repudiate the occupation of thousands of hectares by China in Africa, displacing the local population.
19)We fight for the International Work Day of six hours a day and 35 weekly without salary reduction, an international slogan that must integrate the reality and the revolutionary struggle of each country.
twenty)We repudiate and demand the punishment of human rights violations against peoples and their revolutionary leaders such as in Turkey, the Philippines, India and other countries.
We demand the cessation of persecution, under the qualifier of terrorists, defenders and revolutionary leaders. We repudiate torture in any part of the world, such as those inflicted on political prisoners and prisoners in Guantanamo, Turkey, Syria, India and the Palestinians in Israel. We exe the world.22)The Party will pay particular attention to coordination and commonlays with Marxist-Leninist-Maoistic organizations of America and the initiatives and the unity of action with the Marxist-Leninist and revolutionary organizations.
23)We are part and support the struggle for the rights of women and universities that cover Latin America and the entire world. We pronounce against femicides and all types of violence for degender reasons and crimes towards the LGTB+collective, persecution and prohibition of sexuality and gender identity. We claim the fight against double and gender double -site, as well as against the triple oppression that the women originating in Latin America and the world suffer.
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/nuestras-tareas-internacionalistas/ 
OTTO VARGAS revolutionary example 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T90:00:00-04:00
Head Description: Our comrade Otto César Vargas, the largest Marxist Leninist Maoist in Argentina, directed the central committee of our party since its foundation in 1968 until his death in 2019.
Description: On February 14, four years of death are completed, in 2019, at the age of 89, of our Secretary General from the Foundation of the PCR in 1968. With him, the working class and the Argentine people, as well as the revolutionary and revolutionaries From the whole world, we lost one of the greatest Marxists & Hellip;
Images: [' Otto-Vargas-secretario-general-del-PCR.jpg ', ' Otto-Vargas-a-los-19-años-cuando-se-afilia-a-la-FJC-250x300.jpg ', ' Otto-Vargas-En-Cuba-300x207.jpg ', ' Otto-Vargas-en-un-acto-del-PCR-en-1974-239x300.jpg ', ' Otto-Vargas-Jacinto-Roldán-y-Jorge-Rocha-en-un-acto-del-Partido-300x189.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 14, four years of death are completed, in 2019, at the age of 89, of our Secretary General from the Foundation of the PCR in 1968. With him, the working class and the Argentine people, as well as the revolutionary and refolutionaries of the world Integro, we lost one of the greatest Maoist Marxists of our times.
Otto Vargas, Rionegrino of origin, born in Choele Choel, on September 3, 1929, put his life at the service of the revolution in Argentina from suafiliation to the Communist Youth Federation at age 19, being a student University in La Plata: “Since then I tried to be a communist. Do not escape at once forever. You are not communist because the affiliation file is signed. And no past merit can clean a present claudication present, so the struggle to be a good communist is a luchabonstant, ”said Otto in “ Has communism died? ”, The book in the complain Brega interviews him About Maoism in Argentina.
Vargas had a long career in the FJC, a communist youth federation, where he fulfilled international tasks in various countries in the east European and Cuba, where he met Che Guevara.
Already in the 1960s Vargas put himself - along with Pedro Plans and other camaradas - at the head of the fight against revisionism and the betrayal in the leadership of the Communist Party, which had become a paravanzar work on the revolutionary road and abandoned Che Che in Bolivia. A life at the service of the revolution 
In the years that Otto Vargas led the PCR, he fought so that the party and its jerman ”, As El Camarada Jacinto Roldán recalled in his farewell. Roldán also said that “the historiade Otto Vargas has not finished writing. Because a communist, to Unrevolutionary, does not judge it only by what he has done throughout the entire militant, but for what he leaves. ”
Otto Vargas left a PCR that has turned 55 years at the service of the fight, with its JCR deployed throughout the country. A PCR that has extended its 13th National Congress, in October 2022. In the resolutions of the Congress we stated that Otto said “I have never been a theoretical one, I have been a practical revolutionary, my whole life. And I only approached the theory by the needs of the revolutionary struggle. ”
“In that conviction, Marxist-Leninist-Maoistic theory fought to integrate it into the reality of our countries. He defended the doctrine to those who betrayed her and never ceased to have the most exploited and oppressed as a point. It was the comrade of greater comprehensive, political and ideological formation. Its solid philosophical formation, suggest knowledge of history and political economy, together with a stake with the labor movement, made their analysis deeper, starting from reality in all its aspects and looking for main contradiction from its multiple from its multiple determinations ...
“Guiding our first tactical steps, he pointed out the existence of the popular deodium dust that accumulated under the feet of the Onganía dictatorship, he marked the course so that we would meet Maoism, which we still did not practice, he headed the fusion with the classism embodied in recovery in the recovery of the Smata Decórdoba, the antigolpist position in unity with the Peronist masses and the domestic of the penetration of Russian socialimperialism in our homeland.
“He was a leader to stay in the country, promote the struggle for human rights and organize the resistance to the genocidal dictatorship and in those conditions from the teachings of the Cultural Revolution, in 1978 to China's Lavuelta, he pointed out that the capitalism.“In spite Analyze the new realities, practicing proletarian internationalism and obtaining international recognition ”( Resolutions on the political and national political situation) .
The Secretary General of the PCR, Jacinto Roldán recalled “Shortly before dying, he said with a lot . That there is no other way to achieve the release of the exploited and those oppressed by capitalism that lalucha for communism. Fight that will be very long and hard, but will triumph. ”
Our best tribute is to remain faithful to the teachings of ourquerido Otto Vargas, fight so that the party and youth continue to the front of the struggles, and with a fair policy in front of the unique front advance to have a recognized avant -garde, with the aim that the working class And the people take in their hands the struggle for the revolution that ends with this stomach imperialist oligarchic, and thus be able to solve the bread, the roof, partier, work, health, education, sovereignty and freedom for those who inhabit our soil that inhabit our soil .
That is why we say with that strength and conviction that we go for more, because we are the part of Otto Vargas.

OTTO speech extracts at Luna Park, 40th anniversary of the PCR, 2008. 
We are sure that our fight will succeed 
 ##
Otto in 1949 at 19 years 
 ##
OTTO with members of the Che column in the La Cabaña barracks, Cuba, 1959 
 ##
Otto in the Box Federation 
 ##
Otto Vargas next to Jacinto Roldán(current general secretary of the PCR)and 

Jorge Rocha(Secretary of ORGANIZATION DEATH IN 2008)Weekly today N ° 1949 02/08/2023 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-ejemplo-revolucionario-de-otto-vargas/ 
Dare to fight 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T91:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We reproduce some of the dragees published in our weekly, which were prepared by our comrade Otto Vargas, general secretary of the PCR who died on February 14, 2019.
Description: Dare to fight “in the history of mankind, all reactionary force about to perish is invariably launched to one last and desperate onslaught against the revolutionary forces; Often, some revolutionaries are fooled for some time for this apparent power that conceals the rotten entrails, and fail to see the essential fact & Hellip;
Images: [' Otto-Vargas-1.jpg ']
Type: article
 Dare to fight 
“In the history of humanity, any reactionary force about to perish invariably launches to a last and desperate onslaught against revolutionary force; Often, some revolutionaries are cheated on some time for this apparent power that conceals the entrañaspodridas, and fail to see the essential fact that the enemy approaches suffering, while they themselves approach victory. ” Mao Tsetung: "EL PUNTO DE TAMENTO IN WORLD WAR SECOND" (October 12, 1942); Works Cogididas, t. III.
Difficulties… 
“Some comrades don't like to think about difficulties. But the difficulties are a reality, we must recognize how many there are, and not adopt a ‘non -recognition policy’. “We must recognize the difficulties, analyze and fight them. There are no straight paths in the world; We must be prepared to follow a zigzagging path and not try to get them things at low price. You don't have to imagine that a good morning all reacted will fall on their knees for their own will. In a word, the perspectives are bright, but the road is zigzagente. ” Mao Tsetung.
The ideological struggle within the party 
“Within the party there are constantly opposition and struggle, between different ideas. This is a reflection, in the party, of the contradictions between the classes and between the new and the old in society. If there were contradictions or ideological struggles to solve them in the partisan, the life of the part would touch to an end. ” Mao Tsetung: "On the contradiction" .
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/atreverse-a-luchar-2/ 
Ulm Seed Culture Center calls for the “a stone hot soup” event 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T92:00:00-04:00
Description: Germany | 08.02.2023 | Ulm Seed Culture Center affiliated to Atik, publishing a statement at the weekend ...
Images: [' tkm-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Germany | 08.02.2023 | Ulm Seed Culture Center, affiliated to Atik, called for the ecstasy of the “Tas Hot Soup” event to be held at the weekend.
Tohum Culture Center 47th Term Call on behalf of the Board of Directors of the earthquake in the earthquake, the only responsible of the pain and losses in the state and the existing in the statement emphasized that the state, the earthquake taxes after the earthquake of the earthquake of the earthquake of the people of the people gathered in the warehouses and the community and the supporters were taken to the warehouses. For this reason, it was emphasized that revolutionary democratic institutions should be supported by the open and financial support of clothes, etc.
In the call to all members and friends of the association, the relatives of their relatives can reach the association and all the material-moral support they have in their hands, the Board of Directors called for participation in the campaign they started.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/ulm-tohum-kueltuer-merkezinden-bir-tas-sicak-corba-etkinligine-cagr 
New attacks by Israel against Palestine 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T92:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On January 26, nine Palestinians were killed in a new Israeli bombing in Jenni, the West Bank, Bastion of Palestinian Resistance and another 20 were injured. In attack, tear gas entered in a pediatric hospital. This is the same field where in 2022 the occupation troops murdered the journalist Shireen Abu & Hellip;
Images: [' Israel-ataca-palestina-febrero-2023.jpg ']
Type: article
 On January 26, nine Palestinians were killed in a new Israeli -bombing in Jenni, the West Bank, Bastion of Palestinian Resistance Yotros 20 were injured. In attack, tear gas entered into a pediatric hospital.
This is the same field where in 2022 the occupation troops murdered the Periodist Shireen Abu Akleh.
The next day attacks were recorded in Jerusalem near a synagogue left seven civilians and three injured. The alleged attacker died late for the action of the police.
At least 30 Palestinians died in Israeli military attacks during Enerodel 2023, after at the end of December 2022 he again assumed minister Benjamín Netayahu, in a ultra -right government in which the nationalist groups that support Israeli settlers in occupied Lastiers and They deny the right of Palestine to exist as an independent state. In recent weeks, massive manifestations against the Government have been happening, for their proposals for judicial reform and for the social situation.
The APN(National Palestinian Authority)He accused Israel of breaking with his reiterated attacks the Peace Agreements of Oslo of 1993 and threatened to abandon agreements, in addition to denouncing the murders of civilians in Nations united.
One of the main points of these agreements refers to "cooperation" between the security forces of Israel and Palestine.
The Palestinian President, Mahmoud Abbas, declared three days of national mourning in response to what his spokesman described as "massacre" occurring "in the middle of the international system."
We give all our solidarity with the Palestinian people in their struggle.
Francisco Rossi writes
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/nuevos-ataques-de-israel-contra-palestina/ 
The aid they sent made a statement of Alevi institutions blocked 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T93:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Alevi Bektashi Federation, European Confederation of Alevi Unions, Alevi Association ...
Images: [' deprem-yardim-780x470-1-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Alevi Bektashi Federation, European Alevi unitsikonfederations, Alevi Associations Federation, Hacı Bektaş Veli Anatolian Culturevakf, Alevi Cultural Associations, Pir Sultan Abdal Cultural Association in a joint statement in the joint statement of the Alevi institutions to the earthquake victims of the cash and the authorities in the regions, he said.
In the continuation of the statement, the following were said:
“In this difficult process of our country, as always, Alevi institutions run there without the discrimination of human beings.
As a road that looks at the seventy -two nations with an evil eye, which does not separate the life, alleviated the public burden of our state, albeit to a little bit, is the abolition of obstacles.
It is our request to give permissions in order to create a coordination center in Pazarcık/Narlı, which is the most dominant in the region in order to reach the souls waiting for help with Khidr, which is Khidr.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/goenderdikleri-yardimlar-engellenen-alevi-kurumlari-aciklama-yapti 
France: Follow the fight against pension reform 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T93:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Macron continues to make a pension reform law passes at all costs, which raises the retirement age to 64 and demands 43 years of contributions to achieve "complete" retirement. But more than 70% of the French reject this proposal, and fight with general strikes called from the unity of the main unions. & Hellip;
Images: [' francia-marcha-contra-la-reforma-previsional.jpg ']
Type: article
 Macron remains attempt to make at all costs a pre -vision reform law , which raises the retirement age to 64 and demands 43 years of APORTES to achieve "complete" retirement. But more than 70% of thefrances reject this proposal, and fight with general strikes called the unity of the main unions.
On Tuesday 31/1 the second general strike was held in France. And more than 2.8 million people are estimated to manifest to manifest from the reform. There were more than 250 demonstrations throughout the country. Los Trabajadores declared "if the government did not listen to our message in the previoushuelga, today we will make it heard even stronger." And so it was, it is estimated that in the previous mobilizations(19/1)2Millones of people participated(See today 1947). Si bien el gobierno ningunea estascantidades, también admite que fueron movilizaciones más grandes que lasanteriores. Se considera que esta fue la movilización más grande en 25 años.
El paro general tuvo una alta adhesión en subtes y trenes, tanto a nivel localcomo nacional. Y hubo algunos ramales internacionales que también se plegaron.Los docentes y estudiantes también participaron de la huelga y movilizaciones,muchas en las puertas de las escuelas. Había pancartas donde se leía: «apoyo alos trabajadores» y «somos jóvenes enojados».
Por otro lado, en las refinerías de TotalEnergies se sumaron entre el 75% y latotalidad de los trabajadores, dependiendo de la locación. También fueimportante el paro en emisoras públicas.
El gobierno pidió en declaraciones públicas “un esfuerzo a los franceses paraque se pueda mantener el sistema de jubilación”. Muy preocupado, puso adisposición 11 mil policías para controlar estas movilizaciones (one thousand more than the previous). Los trabajadores le respondieron «Cuando hemos trabajado todala vida, el anhelo es poder vivir de la pensión, y durante más tiempo. Ese esel mensaje de la calle en Francia».
Even a leader like Philippe Martínez, secretary of the CGT, declared “Laprimera Minister began by saying that this is a reform on justicesocial. You can realize that we no longer listen to that. Now they say it is indispensable. Well, the answer is: we take the streets. ” And a collective driver said “we will not handle until we are 64 years old. For El President it is easy, he sits in his chair. You can work until 70, but we cannot ask a roof installer to work with 64. That is not possible.
Write Rodrigo Cruz 
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/francia-sigue-la-lucha-contra-la-reforma-previsional/ 
The number of those who lost their lives in Syria is at least 2,150 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T94:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Sohr activists, Syria hit the dawn yesterday and so far 2,150 people ...
Images: [' deprem-suriye-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Sohr activists, Syria yesterday dawn at the time of the dawn of 2,150 people died, 2,000 people were injured in the earthquake of the number of Syrians who lost a new increase. The distribution of the dead is as follows:
1,062 people in the regime -controlled regions.
1,088 people in Rojava and occupied regions were documented in the city of Atareb in the western countryside of Aleppo.
The severe earthquake also caused the wounding of 2,000 people and 72 villages, towns and citys in the central, northwest and west of Syria caused the buildings to be completely damaged.
The number of people who lost their lives continues to increase, the health and rescuefields of the wounded and the lack of the wreckage under the debris can not recover the remaining teams due to insufficient opportunities affected by the earthquake can not reach many regions.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/suriyede-yasamini-yitirenlerin-sayisi-en-az-2-150 
Enough of persecution of those who fight 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T94:00:00-04:00
Head Description: Social, union, political and human rights organizations, including the class and combative current, the FNC and the PTP-PCR marched to the Supreme Court of Justice on Wednesday, February 1 in CABA. Also marches were also made to federal courts in different cities of the country.
Description: Act in CABA in front of the Supreme Court in front of the Courts, a large act of denunciation of the judicial persecution and criminalization of those who fight and repudiate to media, judicial and political attacks on popular movements and in solidarity with solidarity with the and the companions who have suffered & Hellip;
Images: [' jornada-1-febrero-a-la-corte-suprema-CABA.jpg ']
Type: article
 Act in CABA in front of the Supreme Court 
In the face of courts, a large act of denunciation of the prosecution and criminalization of those and those who fight and repudiation of medical, judicial and political attacks on popular movements and ensolidarity with the classmates who have suffered and suffer from threats yatakes were carried out.
Thousands and thousands of companions of the CCC, the FNC and the PCR of the Buenos Aires and CABA with CABA contributed a large column to the unitary act, we entered into gunned next to the autonomous CTA.
In the act we converged with sectors that put the center in the political trial to the Supreme Court, and against the attempt to proscription of Lavice President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
Representatives of many of the organizations present spoke, including Mothers Founding Line, Hugo Yaski de los Workers, Ramiro "Vasco" Berdesegar for the CCC and the PCR, Hugo Cubs of the Graphic Federation, Deputy Juan Marino, Judge Juan Ramos Padilla, closing Elacto Nora Cortiñas de Mothers Founding Line. Grancantity of leaders and officials were present, including three ministers and ministers of the Government of the Province of Buenos Aires.
San Nicolás, Province of Buenos Aires 
The CCC partners next to those of the Autonomous CTA, Neighborhoods, MTE YFENAP, accompanied by a delegation of the PTP-PCR and UP carried out a great concentration within the framework of the national day. There was the wait, a nourished and disproportionate, for the abundant, political delegation of police station and infantry that broke the usual protocol of "We are opening the streets boys."
After a collective reading of the nationally agreed document, some competers, in particular of the MTE, made public their specific claims that talk about the contempt and cruelty of the police and world officials who steal their work animals with total impunity mocking the incilus of the claim of the injured. Tandil 
The 1F, the CCC, the FNC, the PTP and the PCR of Tandil marched to the courts, where they converged with the CTA-A, the MOV. Argentina for all and the Argentine forum of external debt, repudiating the persecution and prosecution of social, union and political organizations. Likewise, the Judgment of the Supreme Court of "injustice" was supported and the attempted murders of the nation vice president was repudiated.
A document was delivered that was received in hand by Judge Soria and the day was completed with an act reaffirming that we will continue the fight that violates all democratic and constitutional norms, fighting for a decent justice, favorable to the interest of the people and of Homeland.

Ramiro "Vasco" Berdesegar 
"This justice hides a deep class hatred of the popular sectors" 
Ramiro Berdesegar highlighted the unity of social organizations, union, political, human and religious rights present and sent “unfranaterno, hot and class, to the original classmates, peasants, students, workers who marched to Lima, and that from el7 December face the coup d'etat and repression. We have no doubts that the Flag of Murillo, of Tupac Amaru, demicate the Bastidas, of Panchito Solano and of each of the companions that has had life for the emancipation of this Latin America. A huge applause for each of them and we shouted, live the rebellion of the people of Peru!”
Berdesegar highlighted the data of the last census: “46,044,703 inhabitants who can enter our Argentina from north to south. That indicates a growth of 14.77%of our population. Graph the dynamism, the life of our people, the choice. The other face is the static of those who want to remain as, the four "supreme" that for years have only install a parallel government to defend the interests of the economic groups that hide behind them, ”said Berdesegar.Berdesegar criticized the court ruling benefiting with more co -participation ends: "In what galaxy do these" supreme "live when they impose a ruling that attacks federalism and co -participation, as what they did one months?
“It is clear that when one reads each of the failures of this addictal justice macrismo only find the defense of the class interests of the true owners of this country, of the 1,823 great landowners who have 50% of the productive land in our homeland at the expense of thousands decampesines, from originals, displaced from land and territory. In these failures the interests that the precious formators and food producers have, those 20 large companies, which every day every day, which every day They snatch food, meat, milk from our kids.
“But also in each of the failures of that justice a class deep -class for the popular sectors is hidden. Class hatred that left expressing the condemnation of the companion Milagro Sala. Class hatred that the judge defeats, who from November 2021 to July last year, although there was no evidence against false complaints, he ordered the phones to do dozens of leaders and colleagues in our organization, ordered the physical persecution From our houses and the listener in real time, and did not reach them with that but ordered 23 entertainment to the houses of our companions, to the dining rooms, to the productive units. We know what they want, they want to criminalize us, persecute, they want to get us out of the middle, they want to imprison us but what they will never be able to get on their knees because here in unity we are paraphretting them and we will continue in the streets. ”
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/basta-de-persecucion-a-las-y-los-que-luchan-2/ 
Millions were abandoned to their fate 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T95:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | After the earthquakes of 7.8 and 7.7 in Bakurê Kurdistan, Mily ...
Images: [' 19477410_605-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | ** Millions of people have been abandoned to their destiny after the 7.8 and 7.7 -magnitude in Bakurê Kurdistan.
According to the figures given by Turkish state officials, the number of people who lost their lives in the two violent earthquakes in Bakurê Kurdistan on February 6th rose to 5 thousand 894. The resources in the region are much higher in the number of those who lost their lives. Hatay, mereş, dîlok and Semsûr, which leads to great destruction, millions of people living in the region have been abandoned to their destiny. The people are getting wounds with their own means and solidarity.
In the earthquake zone where hospitals were also severely damaged, medical equipment and drugs were the chief. It is stated that the operating rooms are unusable and that there is insufficiency in surgery materials. In the earthquake area, there is a lack of materials for medical dishes, while ambulances are difficult to have the fuel.
Hatay 
Hatay, Iskenderun, Arsuz, Belen, Antakya, Defne, Samandag, Reyhanli Vekirikhan hundreds of buildings turned into debris. There is no place in the two hospitals in Iskenderun, while the funerals taken under the debris, waiting for hours waiting for the funeral vehicle.
The people spend the night in the fire of fire in the tents or free spaces they set up with their own means.
Those who are in the search and rescue team in İskenderun said, “No equipment is not material, no conscious employees. We only collect dead in these wrecks. Every time it was. ”
The fire after the earthquake in the container warehouse in Iskenderun Port, continues. During the daytime hours, the fire extinguishing helicopter was terminated with the darkening of the air.
Akut team started his first work from the State Hospital, which was destroyed.
Semsûr 
Search and rescue works have not started in Semsûr. The neighborhoods are trying to reach the ones under the debris with the ladles they find with their own.
While many neighborhoods are not given electricity in the city, internet operators do not change. There are no products that should be established in order to conduct search works in the wrecks.Semsûr'un Sergolan(Gölbaşı)The table is getting heavy in the district. Deep crevices occurred in the main street of the earthquake and other roads. In this case, the damage to the structures in the city caused further growing. All the buildings and workplaces that were in the city were severely damaged. After the aftershocks, the Daons were destroyed. Due to the heavy destruction, all families had the night out. Families who have the opportunity in their vehicles, those who do not have the opportunity to burn the morning in the morning.
mereş 
The situation is no different in Meres, where 941 buildings were completely destroyed. Bazarcix, which is the central of the earthquake, is continuing to work on life signs in the debris. The funerals were given to their families in the corridors for two days by removing the debris under the debris in the district. Families who had to take care of the funerals one by one due to the fact that the names of the funerals could not be determined, had a hard time. The funerals were identified, after the operations, the families were eliminated to be buried.
Amed 
18 people from 7 buildings destroyed in Amed Işık Apartment, where 18 people lost their lives, search and rescue works began to be done with construction machinery. Rezan(Ties)It is estimated that 28 people in the Işık Apartment, with 32 apartments with 8 floors on Sento Street in the district, are estimated to be under the debris. In the apartment, precision rescue work was terminated, while search and rescue works began to be done with the work. From here, a child and woman said that more.
Yenişehir district of Elazığ Street 12 -storey Diyara Galeria Ismerkezi'nin work in the debris, while the debris is thought to be under the debris78 people learned that the relevant institutions.
Dîlok 
In order to reach the people relatives in Dîlok, AFAD started to work 17 hours later.
In Dîlok, 533 structures were destroyed and at least 200 people lost their lives, while the biggest damage was taken by İslahiye and Nurdağı districts.
15 apartments destroyed in the neighborhood of the district of Şehitkâmil and the Shops where the shops are destroyed in the apartment of 50 people are estimated to be under the wreckage. The first intervention was made by citizens in the building yesterday morning, 5 people reached, but until the evening until the work of the work can not be reached.(ANF)
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/milyonlar-kaderine-terk-edildi 
Corrientes: Cavalcata claiming measures before drought 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T95:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We talked to the fellow Laureano Cardozo, leader of the Campesina-Fnc Unión de Corrientes, and a member of the National Executive Table of the FNC, about the situation of the poor peasantry in the province.
Description: The fellow Laureano told us first that they have been suffering from drought and fires “for more than three years, which is the product of the great deforestation, and of the great rice farms in the region. Because the water from the largest lagoons in the north of the province and Hellip is extracted;
Images: [' corrientes-san-miguel-cabalgata-de-la-FNC.jpg ']
Type: article
 Companion Laureano told us first that have been suffering from drought and environmental “for more than three years, which is the product of largeforestation, and the large rice farms in the region. Because the water is extracted from the water from The largest lagoons in the north of the province and the large lagoons and arms of the Santa Lucia river are consumed. GENERALLY The water always runs from where the sun rises for where the sun enters; For example, the perforators are doing the wells how the sun is going. So it is with the Iberá and the great lagoons of Corrientes. After the large fires and the drought, the estuaries are dry, which are comolagunas covered with Malazales. Before in those lagoons 20 meters from the horse's shore, I had to swim, now it passes to the other side.
“This harms us a lot. Before, you drilled 12 meters and had water, savings to go to 36 meters. It has also changed the way to extract elagua, because the engines that were used before can no longer lift the water, more than five meters. That is why you have to buy submersible engines, masks and are not achieved here. ”
Cardozo tells us that on Thursday, February 1, the FNC of Corrientes organized a Cavalcata towards the Municipality of San Miguel, with several alintendent claims. “The claims are for the entire Northwest Correntino, who suffer from the ease like us. Already last year we had made a petition provincial algómberierno, claiming ditch in the estuaries, to derive water to 122 livestock producers of our organization and for others. And we rely on older peasants, who know where the water is in the estuaries, what ducts does it have. ”Laureano adds that the mayor was also very worried because it is a festivals in the area, the carnivals come “and I did not want us to fogget with you are parties. We had been delaying the ride, but we are already with the bleeding. ”
The FNC leader tells us that several capital ones are also suffering in the region, which mostly fight volunteer firefighters. "It was recently 400 meters from my house." They greatly affect forests and estuaries.
Laureano describes the production of farmers in the area, which are centrally dedicated to homemade cheese. "The milkmaid has to drink water three times, if not, it does not produce enough milk," and that also have claims to stop the plantings for self -consumption, mainly the cassava "section without cassava does not exist", and the Zapallito Chacabuco, "that He excited the peasants because it gives a lot of production and food. ” Cardozo account that corn production was lost "because at the time of flourishing it did not rain."
“Another claim is forage for animals. Because until last year, the head of cattle. For example, I have 20 and I touched six bags, but now they do it based on the vaccination of the calves, which in most of us five or six. And so two sachets touched each producer, we are 350 producers. That's nothing.
“Another claim to the mayor is that the perforations are drying us, and they ask for many papers, a lot Below, ”says Cardozo.
And our interviewee says goodbye inviting all Correntinosa peasants "to organize, because where there is no organization are more dispossessed."
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/corrientes-cabalgata-reclamando-medidas-ante-la-sequia/ 
ADGB: „ Capitalist rent kills, it gives solidarity “ 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T96:00:00-04:00
Description: Capitalist rent kills, Solidarity Lives Maraş, the central base of Turkey, Kurdistan, Syria and ...
Images: [' 162234544_267388971609654_6956295684664980781_n-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Capitalist rent kills, it provides solidarity 
Thousands of people lost their lives as a result of the earthquake in Turkey, Kurdistan, Syria and Rojava, which is the central base, and tens of thousands of people were injured. It is still not known how many people are under the dent, how much of the life is lost, and how much of it is expected to be saved.
Under the capitalist system, natural disasters such as earthquakes are not reflected in all humanity equal to all humanity. The oppressed, the working class and the laborers are the most affected by such naturalafa. Capitalist snow ambition, the crooked urbanization of the capitalist companies, the housing, the horny exploitation of nature as much as possible, the palmcapitalist's pocket, while the inflating of the pocket, while millions of workers andmers turn into a cemetery.
As all bourgeois powers do, the AKP-MHP fascist palace regime has not only been demolished by its destruction policies up to decade, but also to demolish its lives, but at the same time to be discharged from all social rights to intense exploitation, the privatization of health, the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the emptying of the public. has become victims. Today, there are thousands of people who are still under the denture, the fact that millions of workers have to stay on the street in the middle of the black winter, the lack of adequate housing opportunities, the lack of service in hospitals, the lack of drugs, etc.
The Famous regime, which responds to the demand of justice and freedom of our peoples with the violence of the state, does not demolish our peoples economically as well as social as well as social as well as the dirty war against the Kurdish people against the Kurdish people.
All of this is to be an ointment to the suffering of our peoples of this fascist state, and try to hit the attempts of the people's wounds and attempts to wrap each other's wounds. For this reason, the day is not the day of waiting for the people of fascist power for our peoples, but the day of raising the people in the earthquake zone.Adb
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/adgb-kapitalist-rant-oeldueruer-dayanisma-yasatir 
Fight Day in Comodoro 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T96:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 1 we participated in the National Fight Day. In Comodoro we left with the slogans: solidarity with the rebellion of the brother Peruvian people. Enough of persecutions to those who fight. Solidarity with the 72 -hour strike of the Medical Guild of the Province of Chubut at the Regional Hospital. Tax Law & Hellip;
Images: [' chubut-jornada-de-lucha-1-de-febrero.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 1 we participated in the National Fight Day. In comfortable with the slogans: solidarity with the rebellion of the brother PEOPLE. Enough of persecutions to those who fight. Solidarity with the 72 -hour unemployment of the Medical Guild of the Province of Chubut in the Hosporagional. Extraordinary Tax Law of Chubut to resolve the urgent ones. Defense of our sovereignty.
The combative mobilization started at 10.30 of Kompuchewe Square through streets
Then they continued singing and marching to Güemes(Ruta 3)where the solidarity was made with the historical struggle of the brother Peruvian people who marks Elcamino to face oligarchs and imperialists in the American countries.
We continue for Irigoyen(ruta 3)Even the doors of the Hospical Regional, "The White Elephant", carrying solidarity support with the 72 hours strike of doctors who gain misery, which leads many to resign, as they publicly denounced.
A great day of struggle and mobilization, which ended with the applause and felicitations for all partners.
They participated: CCC, FNC, Quechua community of Chubut, Secretariat of the Mujerccc, Youth CCC, PTP-PCR. ATECH CHUBUT, Daniel Murphy general secretary.
Correspondent 
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/jornada-de-lucha-en-comodoro/ 
Actions carried out worldwide on the occassion of the announcement of the ICL (Update no. 22) 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-02-08T96:00:00-04:00
Images: [' 26D-Col-2-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' 26D-Col-3-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' 26D-Col-5-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' 26D-Col-6-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' 26D-Col-8-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSCN0466.limpio-1024x768.jpg ', ' DSCN0471.limpio-1024x768.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-1.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-3.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-4.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-5.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-9.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-10.jpg ', ' LCI-PCE-SR-CAMPANA-12.jpg ', ' chile.jpg ', ' Chile1-1024x576.jpg ', ' 2-1024x576.jpg ', ' Chile3-1024x576.jpg ', ' Chile4-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile5-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile6-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile7-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile8-1024x768.jpg ', ' Chile9-1024x768.jpg ', ' 1.limpio-edited-2.jpg ', ' 2.limpio-edited-scaled.jpg ', ' ATX_USA_1-1024x683.jpg ', ' ATX_USA_2-1-1024x683.jpg ', ' ICL-propaganda-austin-texas-usa-1024x641.jpg ', ' KKL4.png ', ' KKL3.png ', ' HKI2-1536x1024-1-1024x683.jpg ', ' HKI4-1536x1024-1-1024x683.jpg ', ' HKI9-1536x1024-1-1024x683.jpg ', ' KKLinternet-1.png ', ' KKL1-1024x345.jpg ', ' thenetherlands.webp ', ' trondheim1-1024x768.jpg ', ' Kristiansand1-1024x768.jpg ', ' kristiansand2-1024x768.jpg ', ' tromso-1024x741.jpg ', ' tromso2-1024x768.jpg ', ' tromso3-1024x768.jpg ', ' bergen-1024x749.jpg ', ' essen1-1024x499.jpg ', ' essen3-1024x651.jpg ', ' essen4-1024x417.jpg ', ' bremen1-1024x517.jpg ', ' bremen2-1024x676.jpg ', ' bremen3-1024x692.jpg ', ' freiburg1-1024x683.jpg ', ' freiburg2-1024x683.jpg ', ' freiburg4-1024x683.jpg ', ' freiburg5-1024x683.jpg ', ' 1_ICL_FRA-1024x768.jpeg ', ' 2_ICL_FRA-576x1024.jpg ', ' 3_ICL_FRA-1024x576.jpg ', ' 4_ICL_FRA-1024x576.jpg ', ' 5_ICL_FRA-1024x768.jpeg ', ' 6_ICL_FRA-1024x768.jpg ', ' 7_ICL_FRA-1024x768.jpg ', ' 8_ICL_FRA-576x1024.jpg ', ' Brittany1.png ', ' Brittany3.png ', ' Brittany4.png ', ' Brittany6.png ', ' Brittany7-1024x654.jpg ', ' Brittany11-1024x683.jpg ', ' Brittany12-1024x683.jpg ', ' Brittany13-1024x683.jpg ', ' Brittany14-1024x683.jpg ', ' 1_ICL_ARM-1024x471.jpg ', ' 2_ICL_ARM-677x1024.jpg ', ' 3_ICL_ARM-1024x575.jpg ', ' 2.cleaned.png ', ' 73ce62ff1c179496f99f655091bed87703ae2a5a10ff3f1fb3f6b6fbfb66d8ff.cleaned.webp ', ' 1672260184699.cleaned.webp ', ' 1672260184718.cleaned.webp ', ' a8ad8f3fc8a465c4b040dee32c4ad32209854135aba2f839c6001c466ee0925e.cleaned.webp ', ' ed7d29d3ea4eee7fd0f19be6b115228428b27bdf8649b5704f47f5a1e7176be5.cleaned.webp ', ' fa0976f79043340d08396ee216151eeabac2d2534c00f43ed31dc4a5abc82204.cleaned.webp ', ' santander2.cleaned.webp ', ' 4799266cb2ecd8209ac7aa921d5e5c04.png ', ' 1.webp ', ' Aalborg2-2.webp ', ' 0E498907-5896-47BF-9843-7C573C6C260B-576x1024.jpg ', ' 69A02A04-819D-4013-A45B-06DA5B2A4912-576x1024.jpg ', ' AF4AAB68-E534-4A2F-BFB7-7AA876370B22-576x1024.jpg ', ' D61E09FD-D01C-42E0-BD49-4E7CB100F984-576x1024.jpg ', ' F6FA7948-A9F7-454B-A3E7-D30397AA6BC9-576x1024.jpg ', ' solna.jpg ', ' solna2-1024x768.jpg ', ' uppsala-1024x768.jpg ', ' Goiania-City-Goias-State-Brazil-coutry.jpg ', ' 015_Universidade_Federal_do_Ama.jpg ', ' manaus.jpg ', ' amazonas.jpg ', ' amazonas2.jpg ', ' amazonas3.jpg ', ' manaus2.jpg ', ' parana.jpg ', ' parana2.jpg ', ' parana3.jpg ', ' parana4.jpg ', ' parana5.jpg ', ' parana8.jpg ', ' parana6.jpg ', ' parana7.jpg ', ' parana10.jpg ', ' parana9.jpg ', ' parana12.jpg ', ' parana13.jpg ', ' parana16.jpg ', ' parana17.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_3.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_1.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_2.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_4.jpg ', ' Lci_nort_5.jpg ', ' 1-18-Dourados1-LCI.jpg ', ' 1-18-Dourados2-LCI.jpg ', ' SantaCatarina1.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-1.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-2.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-3.jpg ', ' 1-18-LCI-Maring-PR-4.jpg ', ' 1IMG_1509_Rua_Joao_Paulo_Primeiro.jpg ', ' 2IMG_1509_Avenida_Paulo_de_Frontin1.jpg ', ' 19-1-LCI-2.jpg ', ' 19-1-LCI-3.jpg ', ' Passarela_12_Avenida_Brasil.jpg ', ' Passarela_13_Avenida_Brasil.jpg ', ' Favela_do_Jacarezinho.jpg ', ' Passarela_do_trem_de_Olaria.jpg ', ' Metro_de_Maria_da_Graa.jpg ', ' 01_Bairro_Alto_1.jpg ', ' 02_Estrada_da_ribeira_atuba_1_1.jpg ', ' 04_Linha_verde_4.jpg ', ' 05_Linha_verde_5.jpg ', ' 07_Rgis_bittencourt_atuba.jpg ', ' 08_Rgis_bittencourt_atuba_2_1.jpg ', ' 09_Rgis_bittencourt_atuba_4.jpg ', ' 10_Viaduto_atuba_1.jpg ', ' 12_viaduto_bairro_alto_4.jpg ', ' 112_4437cleaned.jpg ', ' 112_4451cleaned.jpg ', ' Guarulhos_1.jpg ', ' Guarulhos_1-1.jpg ', ' Guarulhos_3.jpg ', ' riograndedosul.jpg ', ' consulado_zona_norte.jpg ', ' zona_leste_ufrgs_2.jpg ', ' zona_sul-edited.jpg ', ' 001MSDOURADOS_1.jpg ', ' 2MSDOURADOS_1.jpg ', ' 003MSDOURADOS.jpg ', ' 5adwawdawdawd.jpg ', ' LLL_Demonstration_2023_Internationaler_Kommunistischer_Bund_-_header.png ', ' LLL_Demonstration_2023_Internationaler_Kommunistischer_Bund_-_1.png ', ' LLL_Demonstration_2023_Internationaler_Kommunistischer_Bund_-_2.png ', ' kristiansand-dazibaos-1024x751.png ', ' Vennesla-flag-1-1024x768.png ', ' tampere.png ', ' saopaolo.jpg ', ' saopaolo2.jpg ', ' saopaolo3.jpg ', ' guarulhos3.jpg ', ' riodejaneiro.jpg ', ' rj2.jpg ', ' rj4.jpg ', ' rj5.jpg ', ' TKPML_Istanbul.cleaned-1024x464.png ', ' TKPML_Linz.cleaned.jpeg ', ' TKPML_Basel.cleaned.jpeg ', ' MG1.jpg ', ' MG2.jpg ', ' MG3.jpg ', ' MG4.jpg ', ' MG5.jpg ', ' MG6.jpg ', ' MG7.jpg ', ' Shopping_Del_Rey_anel_rodovirio_3_2.jpg ', ' MG8.jpg ', ' anel_rodoviario_1.jpg ', ' col_estadual_Manuel_Ribas_1.jpg ', ' viaduto_av_comendador_franco_com_linha_verde_1.jpg ', ' RD1.jpg ', ' UdeA-3.cleaned-1024x576.jpg ', ' UdeA-4.cleaned-1024x576.jpg ', ' UdeA-7.cleaned-576x1024.jpg ', ' UdeA-9.cleaned-1024x576.jpg ', ' DSC_0015.limpio-1-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0021.limpio-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0041.limpio-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0045.limpio-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0026.limpio-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' DSC_0034.limpio-min-1024x683.jpg ', ' eugene-action-1024x528.jpeg ', ' chile-curico.jpg ', ' curico2.jpg ', ' curico3.jpg ', ' curico4.jpg ', ' curico5.jpg ', ' stvk23a.png ', ' stvk23b.png ', ' stvk23c.png ', ' wien1.png ', ' wien2.png ', ' wien4.png ', ' linz1.png ', ' linz2.png ', ' stpoelten1.png ', ' meeting1.png ', ' sticker1.jpg ', ' painting-2.png ', ' painting1.png ', ' painting3.jpg ', ' painting4.jpg ', ' painting4.png ', ' mass-iniative.jpg ', ' mass-iniatitive2.jpg ', ' flyers1.jpg ', ' flyers2.jpg ', ' flyers3.jpg ', ' flyers4.jpg ', ' flyers5.jpg ', ' flyers6.jpg ', ' flyers7.png ', ' Steyr1.jpg ', ' Innsbruck4.png ', ' Innsbruck3.png ', ' Innsbruck2.png ', ' Innsbruck1-1024x388.jpg ', ' dazibao1.jpg ', ' dazibao2.jpg ', ' dazibao3.jpg ', ' dazibao4-1024x577.jpg ', ' dazibao5.jpg ', ' dazibao6.jpg ', ' dazibao8.jpg ', ' dazibao7.jpg ', ' dazibao9.png ', ' dazibao10.png ', ' 01.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 02.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 03.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 04.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 05.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' 06.cleaned-1024x768.jpg ', ' AUS_3-1024x683.jpg ', ' F1-LCI.jpg ', ' F2-LCI.jpg ', ' F3-LCI.jpg ', ' F4-LCI.jpg ', ' F5-LCI.jpg ']
Categories: ['Articles']
Proletarians of all countries, unite! 
Actions carried out worldwide on the occassion of the announcement of theICL 
All around the world actions have been carried out to mark the historical newsof the foundation of the ICL, under the slogans:
Unite under Maoism!Down with revisionism! 
Down with the imperialist war!Long live the World Proletarian Revolution! 
Long live the International Communist League – ICL! 
This report will be updated. 
Columbia 
Slogans were painted and banners were put up in distinct places in the city ofMedellin, Columbia.
     A banner and a flag was put up in Bogota, Colombia, to celebrate the foundation of ICL.  
Ecuador 
The campaign of the detachment of members of the Communist Party of Ecuador,Sol-Rojo, ranges from painting graffiti, pasting posters, handing out flyersto the placement of a large banner.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Full report: https://pukainti.blogspot.com/2022/12/viva-la-liga-comunista-internacional-lci_28.html 
Chile 
A slogan was painted in Maule, Chile.
 Full report: https://prensachiripilko.blogspot.com/ 
 Dazibboin Rural Area  Flag displayed in a rural area Graffitiin a rural area  Dazibao in the Vicente Perezneighhbourhood, Chillán  Dazibao in the Vicente Perezneighhbourhood, Chillán  Graffiti in the Vicente PerezneightBourhood, Chillán Banner displayed in the El Robleneighborhood, Chillán  Banner and Flags in the New Rio Viejo Population, Chillán.  "To be a Marxist today is to be aMaoist, Long Live Maoism, Long Live Chairman Mao Tsetung!" - Graffiti in thecity centre of Chillán
Action carried out by a detachment in the city of Talca, Maule Region:
  
USA 
In Austin, Texas, USA, on the morning of December 26, 2022, 10 flags of thenewly established International Communist League were seen hanging fromoverpasses above highway I-35 in English and Spanish.
  A mural in Austin, Texas, was painted with the slogan: “Unite under Maoism!Down with Revisionism!”
 
Finland 
Flags of the International Communist League and a banner with the slogans ofthe campaign were put up in Tampere and Helsinki.
 
 
 
 The Political Declaration was published in Finnish:
 
 The slogan "Long live the International Communist League - ICL!" was paintedin Tampere.
 Full reports in Finnish:
https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2022/12/28/26-joulukuuta-2022-helsinki/ 
https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2022/12/28/26-joulukuuta-2022-tampere/ 
The Netherlands 
The slogan ”Unite under maoism!Down with revisionism!” was painted in DenHaag.
 Action regarding the 129th birthday of Chairman Mao 
Turkey 
The Declaration Was Published in Turkish:
 
Norway 
Actions were carried out in Trondheim, Kristiansand, Tromsø, Oslo and Bergen.Banners and flags were put up and slogans were painted.
 Longlive the International Communist League!     Long live Maoism!Long liveChairman Gonzalo! Full report in Norwegian: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2022/12/27/aksjoner-for-internasjonalt-kommunistisk-forbund/ 
Germany 
 Uniteunder Maoism!Down with revisionism! Down with imperialism war!Long Live the world proletarian revolution!        Full reports:
https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/en/t-brd-en/7374-essen-dazibaos-and-paintings-for-december-26-2022 
https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/en/t-brd-en/7383-bremen-long-live-the-international-communist-league 
https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/en/t-brd-en/7378-freiburg-dazibaos-and-graffiti-on-the-occasion-of-december-26th 
France 
Several Banners were deployed in different cities and paintings were carriedout within 24 hours, for the anniversary of the birth of Chairman Mao Tse-tungand the foundation of the ICL on 26th to 27th of December. In Paris, 19thdistrict; in Caen; Lyon; Toulouse; Limoges, on the Bishopry; in St. Etienne;and in Le Havre.
        In Brittany actions were done on the evening and days following New Year's Eve, a night of traditional riots and revolt in the suburbs of France.
Armenia 
A banner reading “Long Live the International Communist League” and deployedin the hypercenter of Yerevan on the statue of Stepan Shahoumian erected in1931 by the Soviet government.
   
Russia 
The Documents of the International Communist League Were Translate Intorussian.
 
Italy 
The political declaration was translated into Italian:
Historical news on the success of the Maoistunified Internal Conference: the Communistainternament League was founded 
Spanish State 
Paintings, banners and flag-waving actions have been carried out in front ofthe energy monopolies Repsol and Iberdrola, the banks Caixabank and Santander,some diplomatic centers, such as the Brazilian embassy and the Colombianconsulate, and employers' and business organizations in Madrid, València,Elche and Albacete.
 
 
  
 
 Full Report: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2022/12/30/aciones-por-la-fundacion-de-la-liga-comunista-internacional-en-el-estado-espanol/ 
Austria 
There have been first actions in Austria. At the beginning of the new year2023, shortly after midnight, in a busy place in Vienna, a banner was unfurledand a flag held high. "Long live the International Communist League - IKB!"was displayed with the banner in front of the eyes of hundreds of passers-bywho watched the action attentively in the first minutes of the new year.
 
Denmark 
The Documents of the cll were translated to Danish.
Historical news about the successful holding of the United Maoist International Conference: International Communist Federation was founded! IKF: Resolution for Class Greetings to the People's War in the World IKF: Resolution of special recognition to President Gonzalo andpkp Flyers were distributed in Copenhagen and Aalborg.
  
Ireland 
In Ireland, slogans were painted.
 
 
 
 
Sweden 
Documents of the ICL were published in Swedish:
https://kommunisten.nu/?p=14135 
https://kommunisten.nu/?p=14154 [https://kommunisten.nu/?p=14149 ](//kommunisten.nu/?p=14154
https://kommunisten.nu/?p=14149)Actions were made in Solna and Uppsala for the ICL.
 "Unite underMaoism!"   "Uniteunder Maoism!Down with revisionism!"
Bra zil 
Slogans were painted in the metropolitan region of Goiânia, State of Goiás,Brazil.
 In the states Amazonas and Paraná, slogans and flags were put up in multiple places.    
 
        
The flag was put up in a visible place in the center of São Paulo as the Yearchanged.
 
     SLOGANS WERE PAINTED ALSO IN MATO GROSSO DO SUL, PARANÁ AND RIO DE JANEIRO.FLAGS WERE DISPLAYED IN THE CENTER OF FLORIANOPOLIS, SANTA CATARINA.
         Flags were holy in Rio de Janeiro and in Curitiba, Paraná.More actions were made in guarulhos and campinas in the state of São Paolo, Inporto Alegre in Rio Grande do Sul and in Dourados, Mato Grosso do Sul.
      
 
    Full report: https://www.anovademocracia.com.br/noticias/18567-acoes-celebram-fundacao-da-lci-no-brasil-atualizado-12-01 
GERMANY 
LLL 2023: "Long live the International Communist League!" 
 This year again the LLL demonstration took place in Berlin in January. Whilethis annual event is primarily a showdown of the various forces of therevolutionist movement in the FRG, this year the Maoists had a differentmessage: the International Communist League - ICL was founded!A manifoldinternational contingent proclaimed this historic message at thedemonstration, fulfilling the demand that had been made in the previous yearsat the same demonstration - also in the struggle: For the new organization ofthe international proletariat!
 
 The participants of the contingent look now full of joy and proletarianoptimism into the future to develop under new, better conditions the work forthe goal of the communists - the communism - and the unification of theInternational Communist Movement to push further.
Norway 
Dazibaos were distributed in Kristiansand and a flag was put up in Vennesla.
  https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/01/25/aktiviteter-de-siste-ukene-15/ 
Finland 
The slogan ”Unite under Maoism!” was painted in Tampere.
 https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2023/01/26/tampere-malainen-seinamaalaus/ 
Brazil 
More actions were made in São Paulo in Campinas, Guarulhos and the West Zoneof Sao Paulo, in São Cristóvão and Rio de Janeiro, in the state of Rio de Janeiro.
  
 
     
Turkey 
TKP/ML militants greeted the martyrs of revolution and communism with bannersthey hung in Linz, Austria, and the establishment of the EKB they hung inBasel, Switzerland.
TKP/ML militants greeted the establishment of the International CommunistUnion(ECB). They hung a banner on the road "Avcılar Metrobüs yolu" where theysaluted the establishment of the EKB. TKP / ML militants congratulated all thecomponents in the EKB and called for a tighter embrace of duties andresponsibilities.
The full articles:
TKP/ML militants greeted the establishment of the International Communist Union(including party-statement) TKP/ML militants of the party martyrs and Ekb’yellamiLiLi 
Germany 
A video was published of this year's LLL-demonstration:
Brazil 
More actions were made in the states of Minas Gerais, Paraná and Rio deJaneiro.
 
     
 
    > > #national > | We received in our e -mail filming of flags içada in> celebration of the International Communist League(LCI). Informações> apontam que o local dos embandeiramentos é Belo Horizonte (MG).> pic.twitter.com/wRYnjIxwjZ > > - The New Democracy(@jornaland) January 30,> 2023 
  
 
Columbia 
Actions were made in the city of Medellin, at the University of Antioquia tocelebrate the founding of the ICL, as well as to commemorate comrade Sison andto express greetings to the Communist Party of the Philippines and thepeople's war it leads, and to join the Commemorative Week of the Martyrs ofthe Party and the Revolution called by the TKP/ML.
          
USA 
Revolutionaries in Eugene, Oregon gathered for a presentation and celebrationfor the founding of the ICL, including speeches and discussion about the significance of the announcement.
 
ChileActions released in the province of Curicó, in the peasant areas of the Maule Region, Chile: 
 
 
 
 https://prensachiripilko.blogspot.com/2023/01/maule-chile-embanderamientos-por-la-lci.html 
Finland 
 
 
 https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2023/02/02/suomen-tyovaen-vallankumouksen-105-vuosipaivana/#more-3886 
Austria 
In Austria, multiple actions were made for the ICL in four states(Vienna,Lower Austria, Upper Austria, Tyrol), in proletarian neighbourhoods, atuniversities, industrial centers and in events in small and big cities. Withthousands of flyers and posters and different actions the message was taken tothe masses.
                   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  Full report in German: https://www.dervorbote.at/%C3%96sterreich-Zahlreiche-Aktivit%C3%A4ten-zur-Gr%C3%BCndung-des-IKB#wbb1 
quick 
For the Ic Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec Wec In the Comemy of Central Station, Santiago and Country of San Ramón, Santiago.
      
USA 
Posters with the slogans of the ICL have been posted in English and Spanish inAustin, USA.
 
Brazil 
Flags were put up in Goiânia, state of Goiás.
     
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/02/08/actions-carried-out-worldwide-on-the-occassion-of-the-announcement-of-the-icl/ 
Access to Twitter: Netblocks pointing to the earthquake, "government -based," he said! 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T97:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Netblocks formation following global internet access to the latest network data ...
Images: [' FocrykVXwAE9mca-780x470-1-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Following global internet access, my Netblocksoluşoluşoluşoluşoluşluk was restricted in Turkey based on the latest network data.
Netblocks said in a statement, the authorities in Turkey's social media in social media about disinformation about the shares of the shares, but not an official statement on this issue, he noted.
Netblocks stated that Twitter was restricted by the big internet providers TTNET and Turkcell.
"What's happening in Turkey?" Netblocks pointed out the Maraş -based earthquakes and pointed out that Turkey has a history of comprehensive social media restrictions.
Kılıçdaroğlu: We know everything you are trying to hide 
CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu, the statement about the problem of access.
Kılıçdaroğlu said in a statement on Twitter, “I told my friends to use VPN for the coordination of coordination. The power of this mind has lost its mind, interrupted social media communication. The result of this is less heard of their auxiliary. We know everything you are trying to hide.

News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/twittera-erisim-sorunu-depremi-isaret-eden-netblocks-huekuemet-kaynakli-dedi 
"It is organized in the heat of the fight" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T97:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We interviewed Graciela De Melo, coordinator of the Misiones CCC and leader of the PTP-PCR of the province of Misiones.
Description: Graciela begins by telling us that “in Misiones there was a bit of reactivation, because the province made a lot of money in the pandemic. Here the wood continued to work, also the rural workers, in the conditions that were, but continued to work; It never stopped producing. ” Therefore, says the partner, demand work for the partners & Hellip;
Images: [' ']
Type: article
Graciela begins by telling us that “in Misiones there was a bit of reactivation, because the province made a lot of money in the pandemic. Here wood was continued, also the rural workers, in the conditions that were, of course; It never stopped producing. ” Therefore, says the partner, demand work for the partners and colleagues “we have signed this year a new contract for cleaning, almost 100 million pesos annually. And we have saved with other proposals, to assemble productive projects that put a small nucleus of people.
Poverty abounds where you look at him. Hunger is not a cheap speech we repeat some leaders, as they said these days in the media, there is poverty. In Posadas, before the macro government thousands of homes were made, and today
There are a lot of people in that cement jungle, which you do not have to eat. I always tell the officials who show beautiful numbers: hagagerritorio, go to the neighborhoods, talk to people and see how they live there, it's the best INDEC that can be. ”
The partner says that the employment center is yerbatera production, tea and wood, and that in Posadas “there is construction or trade. Public Obra is stopped; The little that is done is with large companies that have very few people, to those who overcome. In El Comercio, in Posadas, more than 500 shops, and only a few reopened. Even professionals are hitting doors.
This situation left thousands of people without work, and those are the ones who are in social organizations, which can be called from ‘planeros’ro come by card of the work of specialized official, full detrimers, but they have no work.
“The current comes in missions in a historical struggle for formal work. In some sectors, more linked to the agricultural, we try to strengthen popular economic, for the production of food for consumption and that compartment can sell. In the big city the popular economy question more. The companions end up selling the pillows that make them and do not recover even costs, Elections 
Melo's partner tells us that in the province the elections are EnMayo, and “we have to present the lists in February, so we are casitodos the days with front meetings, chatting with all the space, to Vercomo we also position ourselves with the PTP and the PCR within that assembly. We are advocating so that there is really a merely electoral front. Principally our proposal is that there is a political front, which debates, to design strategies to propose deep policies, because it is ugly lacosa.
“People do not conform more with the speech that we are going with everything against the right and ask you, for what? Because I have three years of the government, we can not reach 15 days a month, that inflation every day and the adjustment comes from those below. We continue to ratify, that we are in the front of everyone and that we are still there, but we have to say what we think. We want a front in which those who are chosen have the majority of the majority. That is the proposal we have. We are doing well, because everyone's front will be and all the spaces that we would form.
The work of the CCC extends throughout the province 
Graciela says that “we are in 90% of the municipalities, we have also entered many original communities, and in the state sector. We are where we are. Because where there is a need, where there is a fight, we have to be. Then it is organized in the heat of the struggle, including the factors that we had been forming in the province, because it has served to organize our people who fight for their rights.
“A great magnitude of companions are added to our ran province. Because laprovincia is not what they paint. While he had some reactivation, poverty and needs continue to look at her and must continue to conquer rights. ”
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/se-va-organizando-al-calor-de-la-lucha/ 
The historic news of the International Communist Union was established by the International Maoist Unification Meeting! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-02-08T97:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['Chinese', 'Documents', 'Other Languages']
The successful historic news of the International Communist Union of 
International Maoist Unification Meeting! 
International Communist League 2022
Marx Lenin Maoist Party and Organization, who participated in the International Maoist Unification Meeting (UMIC), -the best tradition of the third international road and the international communist movement (ICM) founded along the great Lenin -the international proletariat and the proletariat and The people of the world solemnly announced that the historic and excellent decisions of the new international Maoist organizations were established, and the new international Maoist organizations were established under the great and glorious red on three sides: Maoism, anti -amendments, and the world's proletarian revolution.
With a deep communist belief, we and our party and organizations reiterate here -once again with a solemn commitment -to complete the agreement of the International Maoist Unification Meeting, defend and apply the ideology of international proletariat —— - Marx Lenon Maoism.
In the unremitting struggle for promoting Maoism as the only command and guide for the world revolution, it is a firm commitment. It is the only dark red flag that never fade. The guarantee of the unstoppable monarchy of the golden communism that is eternally released.
The first international Maoist unity meeting of Marx Lenin Maoist parties and organizations has a historic and profound strategic meaning. It is the glorious mission of the world's new revolution.
With enthusiasm, it is full of class optimism and deep movement, we propose the following red slogans:
The first international Maoist unity meeting is the foundation, and it is impossible to move to the re -union of the Communist Party in the International Communist Party -a war machine -a combat machine, raising the people of Marx Lenin Maoism and the invincible people. The immortal banner of war!Intersection 
People in the world are united!
 
Political Declaration and Principles of International Communists 

I. Introduction 
Communism is an unstoppable historical goal. Human beings walk towards it. No matter what changes we face today, this immortal goal will be achieved.
The main task of the Communist Party is to seize the regime to carry out the revolution and make ourselves and develop into a Marx Lenin Maoist Party -we must develop according to the characteristics of their respective countries -this is part of the world's proletarian revolution that arrives in the communist. Serve it. The existence of the Communist Party was the key to the proletarian revolution in the new era. We found that we were in the new era -the new era began with the great socialist October Revolution in 1917. Without a Marx Lenin Maoist Communist Party, it cannot be revolutionary, let alone the development of revolution to seize the regime and defend the new regime.
The International Communist Movement is the vanguard of the international proletariat. The main problem of international co -mobility is still the dispersion of strength, and the main danger is correctionism. Its unity is based on the foundation and guidance of Marxism -today's Marx Lenon Maoism -and the specific practice of applying it to the revolution and the world revolution.
Chairman Mao told us that "the history of the International Communist Movement also shows that the unity of the proletariat consolidated and developed in the struggle of the same opportunity, amendmentism, and divisionism." The current dispersion originated from the Soviet Union and the people of the people in China. The restoration of capitalism, in the performance of different party and organization's new amendments, Peru -Activities and surrender -the emergence of right -lenitating opportunism (ROLR & C), Nepal The "Avakian School" in the betrayal and revolutionary internationalist movement (RIM) has exacerbated this. Disclosure of divisionism and dispersion is the result of the basic principles of new revisionism in the proletarian movement.
The current boundary between Marxism and amendmentism is: (1) whether Maoism is the third, new and higher phase of Marxism and the necessity of revisionist and all opportunities; Whether the revolution is carried out in their respective countries, whether to recognize the revolutionary violence; (3) whether to recognize the destroying the old state organs and the use of the proletarian dictatorship to replace the bourgeois dictatorship; (4) whether to recognize the necessity of the proletarian revolutionary party; (5) whether Acknowledge the necessity of proletarian internationalism.
If you do not resolutely fight against revisionism and all opportunistic struggles, it is impossible to fight against imperialism and all reactionaries, and international joint movements cannot be taken one step again. This is why we are based on "the struggle of the two routes is the driving force of the party's development", which is the key to formulating and defending the proletarian red line and fighting against other non -proletariat routes. In other words, maintaining the party's red.
The revolutionary counterattack of Marx Lenin Maoism is using the people's war, the national liberation struggle, and the struggle of the proletarian and the world to defeat the people's development of the people to defeat the overall anti -revolutionary attack that was released in the early 1990s -it was mainly released by the US imperialism. We pay tribute to the heroic people's war in India, Peru, Turkey and the Philippines and the national liberation armed forces.
The era of imperialism and the world's proletarian revolution -we discovered that we were in this era, the era of crisis and eliminating imperialism -the class struggle in accordance with the people's logic determined by Chairman Mao Zedong [1], according to this, the proletariat did not fail the final failure. Essence Therefore, the restoration of capitalist restoration of the Soviet Union (1956) and China (1976) did not prevent the international proletariat from the revolutionary journey to eventually seize the regime on its road. These failures are just some moments of the development of revolution and counter -revolutionary contradictions, and we learn lessons to prevent future restoration. Decades of proletarian dictatorship -starting socialist construction in more than one -third of the world -produced the greatest social transformation and mass achievements in human history, unprecedented.
In the 1990s, the end of the Soviet Union of the Socialist Empire was neither the failure of Marxism nor the failure of socialism, but the decaying correctionism and the bankruptcy of the social imperialism. Marxism -Marx Lenon Maoism today -is the most thorough, progressive and rational doctrine in the entire human history; it represents new things, it is the last and most advanced classes in history: the world view and ideology of the proletariat; Class aware that its historical mission is the tomb digker of capitalism, so it is also the tomb digger of all class society. Maoism opposes all degeneration, outdated bourgeois ideology and its amendments.New revisionism such as Peru's right leaving opportunity routes, so -called "Plashachadaism" and "Avakianism", as part of the anti -revolutionary attack, act in the international proletarian movement, is an anti -Maoist countercurrent, trying to suppress The world's proletarian revolution. New revisionism denies Marxism, party, socialism, and proletarian dictatorship. However, the center of attack is concentrated in negating the people's war that is the basic and indiscriminate issue of Maoism.
Maoism is the fundamental regime. In other words, the regime of the proletariat, the regime of the proletarian dictatorship, and the regime based on the armed forces led by the Communist Party. In particular, it should be noted: (1) the regime of the proletarian leadership in the democratic revolution; (2) the socialist revolution and the continuous cultural revolution of the proletariat; (3) based on the armed forces led by the Communist Party, use the people's war And the regime of defense.
Chairman Mao established the strategy and strategy of the World Revolution. The development of the World Revolution is the main in preventing the wars of the world's imperialism -if it starts -our Communists must use the World Revolutionary War to oppose it. This requires us to lead the people's war to facing the war of imperialist aggression in Asia, Africa, Latin America, and even Europe. Even without imperialist aggression, we must lead the people's war to revolution and spread to all countries and continents until pushing to the World Revolution, we will use it to remove imperialism and reactionaries from the surface of the earth. Therefore, it corresponds to the world revolution we want to use the revolutionary war, and its foundation is composed of the oppressed nation.
Therefore, the fundamental aspect of Maoism is the regime. The people's war and class regime are the basic and indiscriminate parts of Maoism -the political and military concepts of the proletariat: the Communist Party's leadership of armed forces seized and defended.
The revolutionary war and the people's war are the advanced forms of struggle -the basic problems of the revolution are solved; it is a military strategy corresponding to the political strategy (seizing power), allowing society to change in the direction of class and people; The main form of the struggle is that the people's army is the main form of the organization, a fighting, mobilization [2] and a new type of army produced. The People's War is a war that the Communist Party led by the proletariat to seize and defend the new regime.
In order to carry out the people's war, we must keep in mind the four fundamental issues: (1) the ideological form of the proletariat -Marx Lenon Maoism -in the specific practice and characteristics of the revolution of various countries, whether it is oppressed or imperialist countries; 2) The necessity of the Communist Party to lead the people's war; (3) a detailed explanation of its political strategy; (4) Base. The new regime or line-state-formation in base areas-is the core of the People's War.
In order to establish a base, Chairman Mao determined three fundamental requirements: (1) with armed forces, (2) defeating the enemy, (3) mobilizing the masses. In other words, the development of guerrilla war eliminating the life of the enemy. Therefore, it creates power vacuum for the establishment, construction and defending the new regime -thus destroying old social production relations and establishing new social production relations. The contradiction between the new regime/new country and the old country has developed, and it must be rebuilt and anti -reconstruction according to the liquidity of the war.
Imperialism is a higher and final stage of capitalism. It is monopoly, parasitic, decaying and painful. It is in the last total crisis. Because of this situation, it is exhausted by its inevitable worsening and deepening periodic crisis. That's why it always has to start from lower. Its existence is only cleaned by the World Revolution.
Imperialism has always tended to reaction and war. Imperialism and the world reactionaries will collapse in the intersection of various wars. They will be cleaned by the revolution from the surface of the earth, and socialism will appear. Lenin made it clear that "imperialism is a mud giant", Chairman Mao said that in strategic, we must completely despise imperialism. In terms of strategy, we must take it seriously.
Chairman Mao established his great argument: "From now on, within 50 years and outside to 100 years, it is a great era of completely changing social systems in the world. It is an era of overwhelming and earth. . In such an era, we must prepare a great struggle with many different characteristics in the form of struggle in the past. "
The process of the world's proletarian revolution -we developed in this era -the process of being cleaned from the surface of the earth and the world reactionaries. Therefore, the revolution has become the main tendency of the history and politics of the contemporary world.
All the basic contradictions in this era have intensified, and the main contradiction is the contradiction between the oppressed nations and imperialism. The objective conditions of the revolution have never been so mature. Subjective conditions are developing forward, crushing the total counterattack of decline, and shattering the pessimism and surrender of revisionist promotion and spread. Conditions every day is conducive to revolution.
The development of the world's proletarian revolution requires more people's war. This needs to be established or rebuilt the Communist Party in various countries, which should be applied to Lenin's teachings, "deep into the deepest people", "educate them in the practice of revolutionary violence" and "unremitting fighting, eliminating opportunism And the huge garbage dump of revisionism. "
The current international conference and new organizations born in this operation are the achievements of the international proletariat. It is a crackdown on imperialism, world reactionist, amendments and all opportunistic counter -revolutionary attacks.
The new international organization is a center of ideology, politics and organization. Based on democratic centralized systems and obedience to each party and organizations, they will continue to discuss the problems arising from each other. It will expand this program to -although it has participated in the same ones the same ones Principles and purposes -all the party and organizations that are still outside it. The task of new international organizations is to carry out the struggle to promote Maoism. As the sole command and guide for the world's proletarian revolution, in order to establish or rebuild the Marx Lenin Maoist Communist Party (delayed strategic task) services, Start, develop and coordinate people's war services in the world.

2. The foundation for formulating the general political route of the international joint movement 
By applying Marx Lennine Maoism to the specific practice and world revolution of various countries, we point out the following principles to establish and develop the general political line of the international communist movement:
1. New era 
With the emergence of imperialism, the world is divided into a few compression nations and a large number of oppressed nations, and the conditions of the world revolution have matured.
In 1917, the victory of the great socialist October Revolution led by the great Lenin and the Bolshevik Party was an extraordinary milestone in the history of the world. It is the end of the world bourgeois revolution and the beginning of the new era. The proletariat assumes the era of damaging imperialism, bureaucratic capitalism, and semi -seal -sealingism: the era of imperialism and the world's proletarian revolution. There were many revolutions before the great October Revolution, and each of them provided new driving force for society. However, these revolution only replaced another exploitation system with one exploitation system.
The great October socialist revolution is the first revolution. It is conceived and established a society without exploitation and oppression -a classless society. The great October's socialist revolution represents a complete turning point in human history. It has opened a new era of glorious long roads to socialism and communism.In order to evaluate the world of this new era, we see that the four basic contradictions are manifested as: (1) the contradiction between capitalism and socialism -the contradictions of two completely different social systems -will cover this period, it will be it, it will be The last contradiction that resolves is even after seizing the regime; (2) the contradiction between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat -it is the contradiction between the two opposing classes -it will also be left to the seize the regime. Thoughts, politics, and economic forms until we enter communism; (3) the internal contradictions of imperialism -these contradictions are the contradictions of the imperialists competing for world hegemony; it occurs between superpowers, superpowers and imperialism Between great powers, between imperialist powers; (4) the contradiction between the oppression of nation and imperialism -it is the struggle of imperialism and reactionaries for the liberation of the oppressed nation; it is the main contradiction of the history of the entire imperialist era; it; However, according to the specific situation of class struggle, any of the four basic contradictions can become the main contradiction. However, the main contradictions of history will be expressed again until it finally resolves.
We, in order to achieve our ultimate goal communism, we must carry out three revolutions: (1) the democratic revolution -a new type of bourgeois revolution led by the proletariat of the backward country -establishing proletariat, farmers and The petty bourgeoisie -under specific circumstances -the joint dictatorship of the middle bourgeoisie -all these classes under the hegemony of the proletariat represented by the Communist Party; ; (3) Cultural Revolution -The cultural revolution is for the continued revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat, the emergence of uniforms and elimination of any capitalism, and the struggle against the restoration of capitalism -they have enhanced the dictatorship of the proletariat and moved towards communism. Serve.
Chairman Mao taught us, "metabolism is a common law that cannot be resisted in the universe." This is a historical law. In the struggle for the establishment of a new social system, it is impossible for the class to try only once. exception. The recovery of capitalist restoration of the Soviet Union (1956) and China (1976) is part of the historical struggle of socialism and capitalism -metabolism.
Lenin warned that the exploitation class would not stop after being defeated and confiscated. Due to failure, they have a hundred times more hatred and efforts to restore capitalism. Their resurrection wishes and intentions will become restoration attempts. This is why they must firmly succeed in the dictatorship of the proletariat, the purpose of ensuring the demise of class. Lenin announced: "The principle of eliminating capitalism and its residues and the introduction of communist order constitutes the content of the new era that has just entered the entire world ..."
As a result, Lenin pointed out that this task would take a long time -in order to completely eliminate the class -not only the need to eliminate the exploitation class, but also to eliminate the gap between urban and rural, gap between workers and peasants, and other gaps.
This contradiction will only be resolved through the long and complicated process of restoration and repeatedly, until the proletarian dictatorship and socialism are consolidated all over the world. Therefore, all the paths of the disappearance of the social class disappear — the country will also die -humans have entered the eternal glorious golden communism. Chairman Mao taught, "The socialist system will eventually replace the capitalist system. This is an objective law that does not take the will of people's own will. No matter how the reaction is attempted to stop the advancement of historical wheels, the revolution may always happen, and it will always happen, and it will always happen, and it will always happen. It will definitely win. "
2. The process of the World Revolution 
There are two forces in the revolutionary movement around the world: the international communist movement and the national liberation movement, the former is the leader and the latter is the foundation.
The national liberation movement is the force in the nation that is oppressed by imperialism and reactionaries. In the 190s, Lenin gave the biggest attention to the struggle between India, China, and Persia. It proposed that the socialist revolution was not the only and all ways to oppose the bourgeoisie of the proletariat. All colonies oppressed the oppression. He said that these two forces are fused: the international proletariat movement of the entire world and the ethnic liberation campaign of the oppressed nation pointed out that the masses of the oppressed nations account for the majority of the global population. It has a decisive weight in the World Revolution. He concluded that the revolution shifted to the oppressed nation, but this did not deny the revolution of the imperialist country. In addition, he showed that a socialist country -like the Soviet Union -can develop in the blockade of imperialism. This is the law of unbalanced development in the world.
Lenin further developed Marx's theory, laid the strategic foundation for the world revolution that destroyed imperialism, and united the national liberation struggle with the international proletarian movement struggle. Although "the whole world is united!" It is the slogan of the Communists, but he proposed the slogan of guiding the struggle of these two forces, "The world's proletarian and the people of the world, unite!". The latter united the proletarian movement that builds socialism in an imperialist country with the national liberation struggle between colonies and semi -colonial countries. Communist International accepted this slogan.
Chairman Mao -developed the strategy and strategy of the world revolution -specifically this slogan according to the task at the time: "Marx Leninists all over the world unite, the people of the world revolutionary united, defeated imperialism, knocked down modern revisionism, and The reactionaries of various countries. "Therefore, he combined the national liberation movement and the international proletarian movement, and these two forces have promoted the development of world history.
The international proletariat movement is the theory and practice of the international proletariat. The proletarian struggle in three areas -thought, politics, and economy -the first appearance in history is the last class, and it is so struggle. The following milestones are noticeable: In 1848, Marx and Engels wrote the "Communist Declaration" and established the foundation and program of the proletariat; in 1871, the Paris Commune, the proletariat seized the regime for the first time; in 1905, the revolutionary general exercise; In 1917, the victory of the October Revolution in Russia, the proletariat established the dictatorship of the proletariat and started a new era. In 1949, the victory of the Chinese revolution, the joint dictatorship of the revolutionary class led by the proletariat, and continuously completed the socialist revolution. It changed the relationship between all parties in the world; in the 1960s, the proletarian cultural revolution led by Chairman Mao Zedong continued the revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat in the dictatorship of the restoration and repeated confession.
We must develop demand struggle to serve the regime. The proletariat generated unions and strikes in the struggle of its demand for its demand. This is not only for the tools for the struggle for demand, but they also "exercise the class for the upcoming great struggle." Strikes are the main tools of demand struggle, and the overall strike is the supplement of the uprising.
The proletariat produced political machines: the Communist Party, which is completely different from other political parties and opposite. Its goal is to seize power, and Marx is so defined. Lenin clarified the characteristics of the new party during the hindrance to the old amendmentism. The old amendments produced the bourgeois worker party based on the workers and nobles, the bureaucratic bureaucracy, and the parliament fans. Such political parties adjusted the old order.
Chairman Mao Zedong developed the party building around the gun and proposed the construction of three major tools: the Communist Party, the new troops and the revolutionary united front, and the center was the Communist Party.
The proletariat produced the ideology of the world's proletarian revolution: Marx Lenon Maoism.Our immortal founder Marx and Engels showed scientific analysis that the collapse of capitalism and its inevitable transformation to communism -there are no longer exploiting people. They clarified the mission of proletarians all over the world: standing up in the revolutionary struggle of anti -bourgeoisie, united all workers and exploiters destroying it, and creating socialism and communism on its ashes.
Old amendments developed after Engels's death -Bernestein and Coski -Lenin fought with them and defeated them. In short, Marxism -in its first stage -established Marxist philosophy or debate materialism, Marxist political economics and scientific socialism.
Lenin developed Marxism and promoted it to the second stage, Marx Leninism. He was completed in the fierce struggle against the old revisionism. Old amendments deny Marxist philosophy, saying that a person should be based on neo -Kantism, which is idealism, not dialectical materialism. In terms of political economics, they deny increasing poverty and therefore advocated that capitalism meets the needs of the proletariat; they denied the surplus value and imperialism. In terms of scientific socialism, they advocate opposition to class struggles, against revolutionary violence and proletarian dictatorship -spreading peacetime and parliamentary fans.
Lenin teaches that the revolutionary politics of the proletariat is realized through its pioneer party. The Communist Party, the Communist Party without it -the proletariat cannot complete its main task to change the world. Thanks to the existence of the new Revolutionary Party created and led by Lenin, the Russian proletariat can use the revolutionary situation to respond to the imperialist war with the revolutionary civil war. Chairman Mao said: "The victory of this Revolutionary Party has changed the appearance of the world revolution."
Amendmentism is tampered with the principles of Marxism by citing new situations. Lenin said that amendmentism is a senior team in the bourgeoisie in the proletarian team. The struggle against imperialism must fight against revisionism -because they are two sides of the same coin. Lenin emphasized that amendmental attempts to divide chemicals and proletarian political movements, leading to the division of socialism. In addition, in this correct struggle against the uncompromising against revisionism, Lenin proposed that in the context of preparation and starting the First World War -the Empires War Wars as the Revolutionary War, thereby revealing that the old amendmentist was a society. Patriots and social sandwichists; he proposed that during the revolution, he must create new organizations, because reactionaries attack legal and open organizations, we must establish secret agencies, even for the work of the masses. He then achieved the October Revolution with the Communist Party and the armed uprising.
Comrade Stalin continued the work of Lenin -in the process of building socialism in the Soviet Union -he struggled with Trotsky, Jonovyv, Gaminov and Bukhalin. Stalin has developed this struggle for 13 years. It is wrong to solve the problem in an administrative way.
During the World War I, the Soviet Union had to defend the territory under the leadership of Comrade Stalin, and 25 million people defended the socialist motherland with their lives. Under the conditions of complex and difficulty -under the leadership of Comrade Stalin -the proletarian dictatorship is consolidated and socialism has won. The five -year plan implemented within 25 years planned the biggest change in production relations, which led to the most powerful development of productivity in history. The people have achieved the greatest social achievements so far.
We advocate Chairman Mao's position on Comrade Stalin, and he is a great Marxist. In addition, we must keep in mind that he excellent defines Leninism. We, Communists, have the role of defending his role in World War II, the Communist International, especially its seventh World Congress.
Chairman Mao Zedong also developed Marx Lenon Maoism to raise Marxism to the highest peak, and the theory of the proletariat turned into Marx Lenon Maoism. He completed this task in the tenacious struggle and shattered the right -leaving opportunity line within the Communist Party of China -we emphasized the struggle of shattering Liu Shaoqi and Deng Xiaoping's amendment. Husband's modern amendment struggle and defeated it. He realized the Chinese democratic revolution and uninterrupted to the socialist revolution and the proletarian cultural revolution.
From a historical point of view, the proletarian cultural revolution is the most outstanding development of Marxism -Leninism made by Chairman Mao; it is a solution to the continued revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat; "it represents a new new development of the socialist revolution. Phase, even deeper and wider stages. "
We emphasize two issues: (1) The proletarian cultural revolution means the milestone of the dictatorship of the proletariat. ——In 1976 Deng Xiaoping Group's counter-revolutionary coup-did not deny the proletarian cultural revolution, but only part of the restoration-repeated struggle, opposite to us, it shows to us that the proletarian cultural revolution is in the ruthless progress of human beings to communism There is an extraordinary historical importance.
In this case, the most amazing political process and the largest mass mobilization ever on the planet have been generated. Chairman Mao determined its goal: "The current proletarian cultural revolution is based on the consolidation of the dictatorship of the proletariat and preventing capitalism from restoration of capitalism. It is necessary to build socialism and be very timely. "
Chairman Mao believes that without the correct ideological and political views, there is no soul. The proletarian cultural revolution is a great revolution. The goal is to transform people's soul -in other words, transform the worldview and ideology -enhance the proletariat and the general public for the sake of The struggle of the regime, defending the dictatorship of the proletariat, the world revolution and communism.
Therefore, our Communists have three great swords: our founders Marx, great Lenin and Chairman Mao Zedong, our great task is to hold up, defend and apply Marx Lenin Maoism to place it in the guidance and guide of the World Revolution. superior.
The world's proletarian revolution roads and social change roads specifically began in the Paris Commune in 1871, and then the Russian Revolution in 1905. Later, during the First Empire World War, the great October socialist revolution victory in 1917 opened a new era of world history.
Shortly after this, imperialism showed a rotten crisis. In order to get rid of the crisis and re -determine the new world hegemony, the second imperialist world war began the confrontation between major powers. This war transformed into a great national liberation battle worldwide, and made the contradiction between revolution and counter -revolutionary contradictions more acute -leading to the disintegration of fascism and the great victory of the Soviet Union and the Red Army, as well as many other democratic revolutions in Europe and Asia. A widely socialist camp.
With the victory of the Chinese revolution, the new relationship between capitalism and the world's world power strategy has been formed. All periods after World War II were the period of fierce struggle between imperialism and socialism. The US imperialists realized the hegemony in the capitalist camp and threatened the world with nuclear bombs, which sounded in the class struggle throughout the world.
In the Soviet Union, the Right of the Soviet Union got up to block the development of socialism -with the death of Comrade Stalin -seize the opportunity, take offensive, modern amendments go to the sun, destroying the unity of the proletarian dictatorship and the international communist movement. At the 20th National Congress of the CPSU in 1956, Khrushchev's revisionism rampant, usurping the leadership of the party and the Red Army of Lenin and Stalin. The proletarian dictatorship was usurped for a national coup, causing capitalism to restore capital in the Soviet Union.Under the great leadership of Chairman Mao, the left of the Communist Party of China -launched an offense in defending Marx Leninism and Mao Zedong's thoughts. They started the Great Revolution of the proletariat, which deepened the socialist revolution. It integrates the path of class struggle and revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat -Marxism that has not been resolved in Marxism. It prevented capitalism from restoration in China for ten years. With the death of Chairman Mao, Deng Xiaoping Group -Deng Xiaoping Group, the right -wing, was encouraged to attack and usurp the power of the proletariat.
Subsequently, the World Revolution lost its base area and entered a new period of dispersion of international co -mobility. In the struggle against modern revisionism and defending Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong's thoughts, the party rebuilt in many countries in the world launched the people's war. Therefore, the torch of the world's proletarian revolution was maintained in armed struggle, such as India, the Philippines, Turkey, and the later Peru's people's war. Especially with the great leadership of the Peruvian People's War, under the great leadership of Gonzararo, through the application of Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong Thought into the Peruvian Revolution -Maoism is defined as a new and third, third, third and third of Marxism. One and higher stage.
In the general crisis of imperialism, a counter -revolutionary attack led by the United States was released. However, they had only intensified all the contradictions of this system, which caused the world to become increasingly chaotic and advanced its disintegration. This has produced a huge outbreak of the world's exploitation and oppressed people, continuing and promoting the ongoing people's war, preparing to launch more people's wars, and the plunder of the oppressed nation due to the internal contradictions of the imperialist internalism that is severely intensified. The exacerbation of the war.
Faced with the current situation, our Communists are united around Marx Lenon Maoism, facing a huge challenge to make a leap in the international joint movement, and formulate its general political route in order to fight against the anti -revolutionary overall attack with imperialism. It was stabbed into fragments in its sharp contradictions.
World history is entering a new historical period. Today, the Communists have accurately identified the time of the world's proletarian revolution. This is the key to understanding the current world power relationship, our situation and the situation of the enemy, and serving the development of the world revolution.
Chairman Mao taught us that the road is twists and turns, but the future is bright. The revolution will be successful sooner or later, and the communism will sooner or later shine on the earth, depending on the actions of the Communists.
3 . International situation 
Adhering to Lenin's argument, the economic relationship of imperialism constitutes the basis of the current existing international situation. Throughout the 20th century, this new specific stage of capitalism -its higher and the last stage -thoroughly clear. The world is divided into unique features of imperialism. The basic contradiction of the entire process of capitalist society is the contradiction between the proletariat and the bourgeoisie. However, when it transformed from non -monopoly capitalism to monopoly capitalism -or imperialism, the three basic contradictions developed in the world.
First pair of contradictions: the superpower and great powers of the oppressed nation and imperialism. This is the main contradiction at the moment, and it is also the main contradiction in the era of imperialism. The world is divided into two parts, part of which is a large number of oppressed nations -they are colonial or semi -colonial countries (the latter only has formal sovereignty or independence, and they are economically, politically, and culturally entered into imperialism); It is a small number of imperialists, superpowers or great powers -they are all oppressed nations. In terms of imperialist power, US imperialism is the only superpower of hegemony. Russia is still a nuclear superpower, and there is a small group of second -rate imperialist powers.
US imperialism is the largest capital exporter in the world, which is manifested in great economic imbalances. In order to maintain its hegemony, imperialism was forced to conduct multiple wars at the same time, as well as military existence on major continents. This leads to the huge economic costs of its huge military machines, espionage and coverage operations, the credit costs of the past war and the current war, and the support of the war of war in the past war and the current war. Social costs, contempt for the lives and dignity of the people who are oppressed, and implement racial extinction to conquer them, which poured the class hatred of the people in the world.
As far as it is concerned, the oppressed country has the most and poorest population. They are suppressed by imperialism. They live under the conditions that cannot meet the development of human beings. They endure the deterioration of living conditions and the natural environment. They The torture of the systemic plunder war of imperialism and its local dogs.
Bulletinism is developed on the basis of semi -feudal and semi -colonies in these countries. It produces corresponding political and ideological types to prevent national development. It exploits the proletariat, farmers, petty bourgeoisies, and restricting the middle bourgeoisie.
Do not recognize the semi -feudal nature of the oppressed country, so as to deny the necessity of the use of farmers' war, ultimately deny the necessity of the democratic revolution of these countries, and negate the development of the people's war as a joint war -of which the countryside is the main, the city is necessary to supplement- - End the necessity of semi -feudalism, imperialism and bureaucratic capitalism.
The World Crisis will continue to be passed on to the oppressed country. As long as they are still the case, they will still be the reorganization of the imperialism. The imperialist policy was to use further reaction and violence to further national conquest or robbing and plunder war on the oppressed nation. The plans of imperialists are to divide countries and promote the redemption of the world according to military power relations and strategic occupation. What they sought was not peace, but to conquer the people with imposed "agreements" and "peace agreements" surrender treaties, but just legalized what they had obtained on the battlefield.
The oppressed countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America -such as Chairman Mao pointed out -the basis of the revolutionary storm area and the world's proletarian revolution. It is necessary to emphasize that the oppressed country even expands to Europe.
We reiterate that the real national self -determination can only be achieved according to their respective situations through the new democratic revolution or socialist revolution. In this regard, we must establish or rebuild a new type of Communist Party to lead the Revolution to the end. Chairman Mao summarized all the struggles of the oppressed nation in the following great guidelines: "The country must be independent, the nation must be liberated, and the people must revolution!"
The second pair of contradictions: bourgeoisie and proletariat.
The economic crisis in 2008 began with the US financial crisis, and was passed on to the people of the oppressed nation and even the imperialist countries themselves. As a result, it crack down on the immortal classes of imperialist countries, and they fought fiercely to defend the achievements of the entire 20th century. The consequences of this crisis have not been overcome. This is why the recovery of employment is at the cost of decreased quality, reduced wages, and extension of working days. The recovery is at the cost of increasing excess exploitation to the proletariat.
The contradictions of the proletariat-bourgeoisie also worsen due to tens of thousands of war refugees and ordinary poor people-escaped the migrants of the imperialist war and the cruel exploitation and oppression of the semi-colonial. Immigration is strengthening the proletariat of imperialist countries. These immigration waves are caused by this system itself. The "humanitarian tragedy" caused by them benefited the monopoly organization of imperialist countries, because these labor forces did not cost them, so they reduced their wages and reduced production costs.The contradictions of imperialist countries also exist in the revolution and counter -revolutionary room. This is not a problem of changing this or the political system -in other words, the government form of bourgeois dictatorship -but ending the socialist revolution to end the bourgeoisie of the bourgeoisie to the proletariat and the people with the socialist revolution. dictatorship.
The bourgeoisie-the contradictions of the proletariat and all the contradictions in the imperialist nation are intensified. Moreover, due to the crimes of imperialist countries, especially the US imperialism, the crimes of the oppressed nations and their people, the imperialist country is increasingly resistant -this is a characteristic of its current decomposition stage. The imperialist war must go home.
In addition, in their own land, the American country's suppression power systematically continues to murder the poorest people. Essence In the face of oppression, the tendency is the rising of the masses in the rebellion, and the guns obtained by the extinction of them to the oppressed ethnic group are turned to their own oppression. Some performances that have confirmed this tendency have emerged.
In short, the main thing is that the war of the anti -imperialist war will grow, coupled with the increasing poverty of the anti -and oppression of class exploitation and oppression. This is happening in all imperialist countries.
When dealing with the basic contradictions of the world today-that is, the decisiveness marks the contradiction between international class struggles, revolution and counter-revolutionary struggles-we believe that the contradictions of the proletarian-bourgeoisie not only exist in imperialist countries. This pair of contradictions exist in all countries in the world.
In the oppressed country, it manifests the contradiction between the proletariat and the bureaucracy-the bourgeoisie. In these countries, the people have a center: the proletariat, which is the only class that can lead the democratic revolution to the end. Under certain circumstances, it develops its pioneer team -the Communist Party -to lead the people's war with action to form the workers and peasants alliance , Win the trusted ally -bourgeoisie -under specific circumstances and conditions -united ethnic bourgeoisie (medium bourgeoisie).
In these countries, the more the ruling class tries to rebuild the country, the conflict between the proletariat and the bureaucracy-the bourgeois-bourgeoisie even more obvious. The two confrontation classes began to divide the polarization, and the proletariat became more important as the sole leader of the democratic revolution.
We emphasize the three basic contradictions in the democratic revolution: the contradictions of national-imperialism, the contradiction between the people-bureaucratic capitalism and the contradictions of the masses-feudal system. Any of these three contradictions will become important contradictions according to the revolution. In the oppressed country, the contradiction between the proletariat-bourgeoisie is the contradiction between the people-bureaucratic capitalism (therefore, the proletariat is the leading class of the people). When the democratic revolution has won -the economy confiscation of imperialist capital and bureaucratic capitalism, the feudal property of the Land Land is allocated to poor farmers according to people, mainly because there is no place or less poor farmers -the socialist revolution has begun to be uninterrupted at this moment. Development and change of revolutionary nature, the contradiction between the proletariat-bourgeoisie has become the main contradiction.
As a Maoist, we are very clear that after the victory of the socialist revolution -has established a dictatorship of the proletariat — corresponding to the continuous cultural revolution, in order to prevent capitalist restoration and continue to move forward to communism, or everyone is everyone, or everyone Entering communism, either no one enters.
The third contradiction: internal contradictions of imperialism. As Lenin teaches us: imperialism is not one -has different imperialist countries. In other words, there are imperialists and superpowers, and they are divided into the world based on economic, political and military power relationships; the relationship between strength has been changing and developed by collusion and competition.
The United States is now occupying the only dominant superpower. After the disintegration of the Social Empire Soviet Union in 1991, the economic strength of imperialist Russia declined, as is the military power, but it still maintains the characteristics of a nuclear superpower. In turn, other imperialist powers, such as Germany, Britain, France, Japan, China, Austria, the Netherlands, Australia, Sweden, Canada, Italy, Spain, etc., all belong to a few oppressive countries. Since the ten years of the 1990s, they have competed for the oppressed country of Xingua's absence of the Soviet Union of Social Empire. Since then, the former Soviet Republic of Eastern Europe and Central Asia, the so -called Greater Middle East -Persian Gulf, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, North Africa -, the Far East -North Korea, Southeast Asia -Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia-- With Latin America -Cuban, Nicaragua and Venezuela -all the events related to this -war or not good -all included in the contention of these countries.
Today's world situation is caused by the development of the war of aggression against the U.S. imperialist blood and fire. Their main strategic goal is to take the status of Russia's nuclear superpowers, contain social imperialist China, and promote its gradual open economy. Alliances with other imperialist powers -according to the degree of convenience -such as Germany, France, Britain, etc., it is used to subvert the order of impact on Russia's high strategic value, and implement economic sanctions as a threat to all imperialist powers to all imperialist powers. Essence Conversely, Russia strives to maintain its influence area, especially Ukraine, Syria and Iran.
As for the imperialists, whether they are alone or united, they oppose one or maybe many oppressive countries. Not only are the main contradictions showing at this moment, the third contradiction -the contradiction of the imperialists -also shows it. U.S. imperialism uses "division and rule" to deal with other imperialist powers. Imperialists violate their own treaties, their own international rules -the principle of non -aggression -because this rule is allowed to observe other imperialists. This is why peace and harmony between imperialists are repeatedly repeated old teeth stories -like the story of "Super Imperialism" and "Super Imperialism", spreading like "new imperialism", "new colonialism", "new" Reactionary concepts such as liberalism, globalization, and "geopolitics" are used by the imperialists and amendments to mainly oppose the struggle of democratic revolution and ethnic liberation.
Empireism is absolute, and collusion is relative. This determines the condition and temporary nature of the Imperial Union; this is why it cannot be said to be "imperialist group", which is amendmentism. Therefore, the European Union is not a group or "European Imperialism", but in Germany's hegemony -competition with France and collusion, attempting to increase its strength -a European national alliance, competing with US imperialism.
The second -rate imperialist power struggle to turn itself into a new superpower, and began to fight for the world hegemony occupied by US imperialism today and improved — a new century war -the new division world -has been divided into division -has been divided The world -and the new world order.
The contradiction between socialism and capitalism -corresponding to the entire era of the world's proletarian revolution -under the current situation, it shows and developed in the field of thought and historical Doctrine.On the one hand, all these have promoted the greater reactionary of the bourgeois state (the great landlord-bourgeois country that serves the imperialist-the landlord-bourgeois country) and should deal with the revolutionary situation of the unbalanced development worldwide. It is manifested as the absolute power of the administrative power -presidential absoluteism or fascism -according to the characteristics of different countries. Facing the crisis and revolution in the face of rule, and to concentrate power to prepare for the war of imperialist aggression.
The objective situation of the world is basically due to the deterioration of the total crisis of imperialism's decaying crisis -and even the reactionaries themselves have acknowledged it. This is the deepening of its collapse. A few imperialists and the third world's bourgeoisie and landlords have huge wealth of social production, but the people of the world have been deprived of their wealth. The result of all these is the deepening crisis and a shorter cycle in the final crisis of imperialism, prompting all imperialist countries to launch a new plunder war.
Imperialism is still alive, US imperialism -the only hegemonic superpower and the world's anti -revolutionary gendarmerie -the main enemy of the people of the world; it is still desired in Africa, Asia, and Latin America; Base, impose plunder war; it continues to oppress the people in the country. However, the same situation has become more difficult to suffer, and 90%of the people of the world will sooner or later get up to oppose imperialism and reactionaries. This is inevitable. All of this is in the fierce struggle and imbalanced development, which is a huge wave of the new world -proletariat revolution.
Since this decade, the crisis of imperialism and bureaucratic capitalism is even more serious around the world. Whenever its decay deepen, all contradictions will intensify; this leads to a more imbalanced development in the world. This situation is manifested in the great activities of the masses, and its outbreak has shivered all reactionaries and its amendments. It has an unprecedented outbreak and ubiquitous. The objective situation and subjective factors quickly encountered — mainly the Communist Party, and the new type of Marx Lenin Maoist Party launched a new people's war. Therefore, a new moment began, and this revolution was part of the world's proletarian revolutionary new waves. This situation determines the tasks, strategies and strategies of the Communist Party of the world.
4 . International Communist Movement 
We reiterate the comprehensive effectiveness of the "Communist Manifesto" in 1848, which is the starting point and cornerstone of the birth of the international communist movement. It establishes the basic principles and programs of the proletarian revolutionaries. Our great founders, Marx and Engels, gave great calls and slogans: "The world’ s proletarians, united!"This combat slogan inspired the fighting of the world's martyrs and guided the road of liberation. The revolutionary fire of Marx and Engels ignited the world and changed the historical process of the world forever.
Marx said: "Past experience proves: ignoring brothers unity between workers in various countries, and ignoring the unity of brothers who should encourage them to fight firmly in the liberation struggle, they will be punished. Strive to be in common. "
Lenin clarifies the real proletarian internationalist needs: "First, the interests of the proletarian struggle of a country's proletariat obey the interests of the proletarian struggle around the world; second, the nation that is required to defeat the bourgeoisie is capable Determined to undertake the greatest national sacrifice to overthrow international capital. "Chairman Mao proposed the deepest internationalism:" This is the spirit of communism. "
Therefore, the history of the international communist movement is a brilliant struggle. In this process, the Communists around the world fight for the struggle, unite, and the united goal: communist society.
Three internationals have been established in this heroic struggle:
The first international, or the International Workers' Association, was established in the fierce struggle between Marx and Engels in the fierce struggle against anarchic, Brownia, and other positions. The internationality of the proletariat and its revolutionary party are firm and scientifically combined, laying the ideological foundation of the proletarian revolution. At that time, the international attempt to usurpted its opportunityist penetration and surrounding, and Marx proposed that the International Workers' Association was best to end instead of witnessing that it was united by principled unity.
The second international, based on Marxism, was established in 1889 and serves the majority of socialist organizations and political parties, especially European and North American organizations and political parties. After Engels died, Bernstein and Coski's amendments attacked the leadership of the Second International. In the pretext, oppose the struggle of the anti -imperialist war. They voted in the parliament to support war loans and rejected the Empires War as a revolution -they supported the imperialist war and their bourgeoisie -have become patriotic people, social sandwiches, and social traitors.
The establishment of the third international in March 1919 was the result of the great leadership of Lenin and the long -term struggle of the international co -internal movement under the development of the Bolshevik party. It condenses the combat of the Tsar, imperialism, and all oppositions, and unspeakable opposition to the fought of all the opportunities and amendments of the Second International Party in the second international party. Lenin envisaged and established the Third International as a war machine to carry out the world's proletarian revolution and the dictatorship of the proletariat. The establishment of the third international is a great leap in the history of the international communist movement.
Third International -CI or Comintern -Existing for 24 years, 7 World Congress was held during the period of dissolution in 1943. It has to develop in a complex environment. This complex environment is manifested as its founder and main leader -the great Lenin -died in 1924, the huge challenge of Soviet socialist construction, fascist rising in many countries in the world -especially Europe -and the second time -the second time The beginning of world wars.
Its existence was strongly influenced by the two years of struggle for 13 years in the Bolshevik party for 13 years. Among them, the left is under the leadership of Comrade Stalin - Baconism, Bukhalinism, and Gaminov-Tonovow also right-leaving opportunity group and other factions and black lines to oppose their efforts to weaken the dictatorship of the Soviet Union's proletariat. Many parts of their policies -sinful behaviors that cause serious damage.
Therefore, the Communist International has suffered a bias of right tilt and "left" -especially during the five to seven periods -it released many wrong suggestions and instructions, which caused some harm to the revolutionary party and process. However, the main thing is Comrade Stalin's leaders -the development of two routes -the leftist in the Communist International prevented the usurping power of revisionism and shattered the influence of Trotskyism and Jonovyvism in the leadership. Under the correct and fair leadership of Comrade Stalin, the Communist International maintained red, and Marxism -Leninism occupied the upper hand, and the amendments could not look up.
Due to the environment and challenges at the time, the seven major in 1935 were particularly outstanding. This important conference must answer new new questions in the difficult and complicated situation.Under the guidance of the Communist International, millions of people rose like anti -fascism, revolution, and defending the Soviet Union as steel torrents. The Chinese revolution adheres to the end, changing the power relationship between the fight against imperialism and reactionaries worldwide, and is conducive to socialism, proletarian, and oppressed people.
Under the leadership of the Communist International, the Communists have conducted a heroic fight for guerrilla war -such as the Spanish Civil War -in dozens of countries -not only in Europe, but also in Asia. The revolution in these countries has no victory, resulting in this result because there is no mature and prepared Communist Party based on Marx Leninism and vigilant amendments. Nevertheless, as historical shows, its struggle has contributed to defeating fascism. The Communists have demonstrated to the world the high heroic and heroicism of the Communists, and the morale of class is not allowed to be hit.
Under the leadership of Chairman Mao, the CCP used the decision of the Seven National Congress to understand how to use a united front policy for the specific needs of the Chinese revolution -to implement independent and united struggles, defeated the Japanese fascist, and continued to liberate the war until the national regime was seized, until the national regime was seized, Defeated the country's ruling class and its imperialists, completed the new democratic revolution, and continued to carry out the socialist revolution. The creative application of Marxism -Leninism and the application of the establishment of the Seven Congress to the Chinese Revolution have led to a deeper development and comprehensive understanding of the united front, and comprehensively developed the theory and practice of the people's war.
The problems and deviations in many countries are mainly due to the use of the united front of the united fronts in various countries. The main responsibility is to apply the international route to the Communist Party of their respective countries. According to Chairman Mao, in order to establish a correct assessment of this experience, a clear boundary line must be drawn between those who are still in Marxism and those who are sliding into the amendments. We need to distinguish between main errors and errors in practice. The most important thing is that Chairman Mao formulated the six basic tools of the united front, the three basic tools of the revolution, and its relationship.
In many countries such as Italy and France, after the heroic resistance of the anti -Nazi fascist armed struggle, due to the right -leaving opportunist position in the leadership of the Communist Party, these parties left the guidelines of the Communist International and Marx Leninism. Basic principles, their leadership surrendered in front of the bourgeoisie. At the same time, it was centered on defending the democratic and free regime, betrayed the revolution, and fallen into the most decaying amendmentism, modern amendmentism.
In the world, under the leadership of Comrade Stalin, the anti -fascist front was used well -the center is to defend the proletarian dictatorship represented by the Soviet Union. As a result, the fascist's proletariat dictatorship and the world revolution are advancing. The victory of the anti -fascist war is the great and heroic victory of socialism. It is the victory of the international proletarian and the world's oppression of the people to the imperialism and the world reactionaries.
With the victory of the anti -fascist war, the Imperialist camp was weakened, and the proletarian revolution grew. Thanks to the glory of the Red Army and the War of Resistance, the revolution has expanded to Eastern Europe and Central Europe, and reaching some German -socialist camps to grow. It is worth noting that with the victory of the Chinese Revolution in 1949, the revolution and counter -revolutionary power relationship internationally became conducive to the world revolution. The development of the World Revolution has reached the stage of strategic support -a powerful socialist camp and a strong colonial and semi -colonial ethnic liberation campaign.
That's why we think that the Seven National Congress is an important Marxist Leninist conference. He armed the proletariat with a correct and reasonable political route to fight and promote the world's proletarian revolution.
) Or Communist International.
When reviewing the history of international joint mobility and the proletarian revolution, we see that Comrade Stalin understands how firm and wisely uses -in the complex and difficult situation -the real proletarian internationalism defined by Lenin, so that special interests and nations The interests of the interest as the overall international proletariat put the world ’s proletarian revolution and communist cause first.
In 1943, the Communist International announced the dissolution, and the international joint movement entered a relatively decentralized period. This was mainly caused by the divisionism and betrayal of modern revisionism. Modern revisionism is a countercurrent represented by Bai Laud, Tieto, Temoliti, Doriez, and Khrushchev (main). At the 20th National Congress of the CPSU, the Khrushchev Group usurped the leadership of the CPSU, the Red Army and socialist countries -the bourgeoisie of the army and the social fascism of the amendment party, the anti -people, State -destroys the basic principles of the proletariat's dictatorship and damage the unity of the international communist movement.
In 1947, the Communist Party and Workers' Party Intelligence Bureau was established. Comrade Stalin fought fiercely with modern revisionism through the Intelligence Bureau to crush and condemn Tito correctionism. It was the Intelligence Agency that began the struggle against the first country that opposed the amendments. At the Budapest meeting, Tito amendments were condemned and expelled, and it clearly stated that it was a lie that Comrade Stalin's revisionist route and other corremists' routes and other amendments after World War II was a lie. Intelligence Bureau -under the leadership of Comrade Stalin -began the struggle against modern revisionism, and Chairman Mao completed the struggle many years later.
The mission of the Communist Party on the world -after the death of World War II and Stalin -was carried out in the fierce struggle against modern revisionism. Among them, Chairman Mao appeared as the great leader of the Growth World Revolution.
In 1957 and 1960, Moscow held two international conferences of the Communist Party and Workers' Party. The declaration of these two meetings corresponds to the development of the two route struggles in the international communist in the international communist at that time. Their result is to concessions. Essence Considering that the weight of the CPSU is very large and its internal situation is very difficult, this reflects the correct practices of the leftist led by Chairman Mao as the leaders of the CCP leaders who use reasonable, favorable and prevalent principles.On June 14, 1963, the "Suggestions on the General route of the International Communist Movement" was published in the well -known "China Reinstallation", and then published the "Nine Comments". Essence
Only with the distinctive boundaries caused by the great discussion -Chairman Mao and the leaders of the Communist Party of China, the International Communist Movement can be promoted to the great leadership of Chairman Mao and its contribution to the world's proletarian revolution.
While developing this struggle, Chairman Mao also carried out the right of right -leaning opportunism within the CCP -the struggle between the party and the state's important agencies.
Chairman Mao and the CCP believe that in this case -it is not enough to adapt to the new communist international, because the ideological and political foundation -at that time, it should be Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong Thought -not sure. Especially the Albanian Labor -Evil Hozha led -did not accept Mao Zedong's thoughts, and wanted to be based on Marxism -Leninism, and did not consider existing new development, because Hocha, essentially opposed Mao Zedong's thoughts.
With the Great Revolution of the proletariat in China, Chairman Mao's influence is growing around the world. The CCP's energy is concentrated on very urgent things, such as Liu Shaoqi-Deng Xiaoping's amendments to reconcile the power of the People's Republic of China, and how to continue the revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat. This is how Chairman Mao is in the struggle at home and abroad that opposes the amendments -the great mentor of the proletariat and the great leader of the world revolution, his thoughts have become the third stage of Marxism -despite the definition and definition and It is admitted that its struggle only happened in the future. (We) It has been forty years to pursue this goal, and the International Maoist Unification Meeting is a very important step.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, under the influence of the Great Revolution of the proletariat, the revolutionary process of anti -modern revisionist struggle gave birth to the establishment of the Communist Party and the People's Army that adheres to Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong. The Communist Party (Marxism -Leninum) and Maozong Center; the Philippine Communist Party in the Philippines; in Turkey, the Turkish Communist/Marxism -Leninism. In addition to the fight against correctionism in other countries, it also defends Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong ideas to defend the proletarian culture. The Great Revolution and the People's War.
In September 1976, Chairman Mao died, and Chinese amendmentists attacked Chairman Mao and their thoughts on counter -revolutionary coup. The joint of Marxists encountered serious and complex problems. With the death of Chairman Mao and the amendment of Deng Xiaoping and his accomplice in China, our Communists have become decentralized in the world, and there is no center or world revolution. The effectiveness of Mao Zedong's thoughts released the triple revisionist attacks of Deng Xiaoping (Chinese amendmentism), Hocha (Albanian Amendmentism), and Brezhnev (Russian Activities).
In 1976, China's counter -revolutionary coup began a new period of profound dissemination of international common mobility. Among them, the US imperialism launched the general anti -revolutionary attack. The concentration and main attack center were the soul of the revolution -its ideological form, Marx Lenonaoism.
In the autumn of 1980, 13 Communists and Organization signed a statement that the Marx Leninists, workers and oppresseders of the world, called on the Communists to unite around Marx Leninism and insist on Chairman Mao, but think that it is not a new one At the stage, it is not generally applicable -the work is mainly led by the American Revolutionary Communist Party.
The second meeting in 1984 was held, and it decided to set up the Revolutionary Internationalist Movement (RIM). In the establishment of a declaration, it reiterated that it was guided by Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong.
Revolution is a step forward to move forward again. This is why it is necessary to make a correct and fair evaluation of this experience. In this regard, it is necessary to analyze the process of the two route struggles in the inter -revolutionary transportation and the role of each party. For example, every revolutionary body, left, Zhongpai, and right are determined in the development of its core two routes.
In the ten years of the 1980s, under the great leadership of Chairman Gentararo, the Peruvian Communist Party was raising, defending and applied Maoism in the international communist movement as the third, new and higher stages of Marxism. The main contribution of Chairman Gondosaro to the international communist movement was the high, defending and applied Maoism in the Peruvian people's war launched on May 17, 1980, and defined Maoism with thorough and scientific methods. This incident has basic importance to the World Revolutionary Revolution and the International Communist Movement because it confirms the effectiveness of Maoism and the People's War. With his heroic sacrifice -in the dungeon of imperialism and reactionaries, he was murdered 29 years later -his name permanently engraved in the great proletarian gallery.
After the secrets of the secrets in inter -revolutionary transportation, it finally acknowledged that Maoism was a new stage of Marxism in 1993.
Existence for more than 20 years was more than 20 years -from 1984 to 2006 due to Bola Changda's betrayal of the Nepalese People's War and the United States Revolutionary Communist Party to obey the "new comprehensive" claim of Avakian's amendmentism. In 2012, the revolutionary transport was officially dissolved. Its existence reflects the two route struggles of the international communist movement. Inter -Revolutionary transportation serves the task of fighting again in the world's proletarian revolution and the Communists, and the left -in the struggle -in the struggle -can maintain the guidance and guidance of Maoism as the core of the world revolution.
However, in 1992, Chairman Gangsaro was arrested and subsequently hit by the Peruvian people's war -this hinders the actions of the leftist in the international Communist Party -the right -leaving opportunity route of the United States and Revolution and the amendments and surrender ( ROL) combines flow, uses complex situations to attack the left, and promote its inferior hegemony -first concealed and then publicly spreads correctionism, and opposes Marx Lenin Maoism, the so -called "new synthesis".
Revolutionary transportation is even more lack of cohesion. After the "Century of the Revolutionary Games Fight for the People's War" (2000) has been approved and adopted this position, the United States and Revolutionary Communist Party -headed by Avakian -began to deny it and slipped into the path of correctionist. Attack Maoism. This exacerbates this situation. In the next few years, Prachanda and Avakian -both are correctionist tendencies and heads -not only inside the revolution, but also competing for hegemony in the entire international joint movement. The lack of cohesion in ideology, politics, and organization has intensified. Finally, these amendments have disintegrated the revolution in their committees. Revolutionary operations caused negative effects and degeneration, and went to bankruptcy and dissolution.
Today -when a new world -pro -proletarian revolution is generated in the world, the people's war is conducted in India, Peru, Turkey, and the Philippines. It is prepared in many countries. When the world has a heroic struggle for national resistance and the people's resistance, When the total crisis of imperialism and its drowning have been greatly intensified -urgency and the two route struggles that must carry out the core of the international joint movement to a higher level, the purpose is to establish and develop its necessary, fair and correct general political routes. By using the people's war to ignite the revolutionary star fire in many countries, this new huge waves have been further promoted, and the anti -imperialist revolution movement under the leadership of the people's war and proletariat has been further promoted.
This is why it is necessary to deepen the ideological and political struggle on the basis of the historical experience of the proletarian revolution and the overall proletarian dictatorship. This evaluation, especially the application experience of the third stage of Marxism -Maoism -Maoism.In particular, it is necessary to maintain a deepening of new amendments in different forms, because -although they are exposed and crushed in the international joint movement -they are still through right -leaning and "left" leaning opportunities. The influence of positions and other plans, they damaged the international operation as a overall unity, because they are the main danger of international common mobility.
Celebrating the establishment of the first international conference and the establishment of new international organizations has historic and extraordinary importance. They are the achievements of the international proletariat. They are the significant of the anti -revolutionary overall attack and revisionist and all opportunities of imperialism and world reactionaries. Strike. We have once again cooperated with and overcomes the huge steps of the dispersal of international common mobility. It has begun a new stage of organizational struggle to rebuild the Communist International under the command and guidance of Maoism. The development of the new people's war in war.
5 . The principle of the new proletarian organization 
In the conclusive Marxist truth, we deliberately reiterated Chairman Mao's proposal: "From the perspective of Marxism on national theory, the army is the main component of the state power. Whoever wants to seize the state power and keep it, who should have it, there should Powerful army. Someone laughed that we were the "Master of War". We are the anemone of the Revolutionary War. This is not bad, good, and Marxism. Create a Democratic Republic. The experience of class struggle in the era of imperialism tells us: the working class and the labor masses can only defeat the armed bourgeoisie and landlords only with the power of the gun; in this sense, we can say that the entire world only uses useful The gun can be transformed. "
6 . The solemn decision 
As the Communists, we are the single class in the world -the children of the international proletariat — it is connected with the indispensable destiny -communism -either everyone enters or no one enters. To this end, we resolutely obey the proletarian internationalism, which is a basic principle of international co -mobility. We have expanded the powerful and immortal slogan of Marx and Engels in the "Communist Declaration": "The world's proletarians, unite!"
Marx Lenin Maoist Party and Organization, who participated in the International Maoist Unification Meeting (UMIC) -the best tradition of the third international road and the international communist movement founded along the great Lenin It is announced that the historic and excellent decisions of the new international Maoist organizations are established, and the new international Maoist organizations have been established on the great and glorious red red: Maoism, anti -correction struggle, and the world's proletarian revolution.
With a deep communist belief, we and our party and organizations reiterate here -once again with a solemn commitment -to complete the agreement of the International Maoist Unification Meeting, defend and apply the ideology of international proletariat —— - Marx Lenon Maoism.
In the unremitting struggle for promoting Maoism as the only command and guide for the world revolution, it is a firm commitment. It is the only dark red flag that never fade. The guarantee of the unstoppable monarchy of the golden communism that is eternally released.
The first international Maoist unity meeting of Marx Lenin Maoist parties and organizations has a historic and profound strategic meaning. It is the glorious mission of the world's new revolution.
With enthusiasm, it is full of class optimism and deep movement, we propose the following red slogans:
The first international Maoist unity meeting is the foundation, and it is impossible to move to the re -union of the Communist Party in the International Communist Party -a war machine -a combat machine, raising the people of Marx Lenin Maoism and the invincible people. The immortal banner of war!Intersection 
Sign:
Austrian (Maoism) Communist Party Establishment Committee [KG (M) KPö)], Austria and Brazil Communist Party (P.C.B.), Brazil Chile Communist Party Red School (FRPCCH), Chile Colombia (Red School) [PCC (FR (FR (FR (FR (FR (FR (FR (FR )], Colombia's proletariat power-Colombia Malaysian Maoist Organization (PP-OP-MLM), Colombia Ecuador of Ecuador-Red Sun (PCE-SR), Ecuador Finnish Maoism Commission (MKS), Finnish Maoist Communist Party (PCM) The French National Red Flag Commission (KRF), the German Federal Republic of Mexico Communist Party Reconstruction Committee (CR-PCM), Mexico serves the People's Alliance, the Norway Peruvian Communist Party (PCP), the Peruvian Maoist Communist Party (PCM), the Spanish National Sweden Communist Party Alliance, the Swedish Turkey Communist Party/Marx Leninism (TKP/ML), Turkey 
[1] "Fighting, failure, fighting again, failure, and struggle until victory -this is the logic of the people, they will never violate this logic." August of the year. [2] This means the army: mobilization, politicalization, organization and armed masses. [3] Including all the prefaces and annotations written by Marx and Engels, especially the preface of 1872. [4] Defend the "motherland" of imperialism.
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/02/08/%e5%9b%bd%e9%99%85%e6%af%9b%e4%b8%bb%e4%b9%89%e7%bb%9f%e4%b8%80%e4%bc%9a%e8%ae%ae%e6%88%90%e5%8a%9f%e5%8f%ac%e5%bc%80%e7%9a%84%e5%8e%86%e5%8f%b2%e6%80%a7%e6%b6%88%e6%81%af-%e5%9b%bd%e9%99%85%e5%85%b1/ 
Demirtas: ‚ especially our people abroad should also send help to Syria and Rojava region ‘ 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T98:00:00-04:00
Description: H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Former HDP Co -Chairman Selahattin Demir, who was detained in Edirne Prison ...
Images: [' image8-620x310.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Haberler', 'Manset', 'TÜRKİYE']
Type: article
 H. MERKEZİ | 08.02.2023 | Former HDP Co -Chairman Selahattin Demirtas, who was detained in Edirne Prison, called for Syria. Demirtas addressed to those living in particular, "a part of the aid to the Syrian Verojava region should also send," he said.
Demirtaş shared his social media account, „Please send your prayers, love and greetings, please, please".
 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/demirtas-oezellikle-yurtdisindaki-halkimiz-suriye-ve-rojava-boelgesine-de-yardim-goendermeli 
"We are looking for the widest unity in this battle for sovereignty" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T98:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We interviewed comrade Raúl Rajneri, secretary of the PCR of the province of Río Negro, to know in depth the fight for sovereignty expressed in the march to Lake hidden, what interests are behind Lewis, and the development of the front of all before the next elections provincial.
Description: Raúl begins that “the first time we marched through Lake hidden was in 2016, within the framework of the Bicentennial of July 9. We saw that an English was appropriating a lake, but we didn't know the magnitude of what appeared later. We already made the first marches in unity with & Hellip;
Images: [' río-negro-marcha-a-lago-escondido-2023.jpg ']
Type: article
 It begins telling Raúl that “the first time we march for Lagoescondido was in 2016, within the framework of the Bicentennial of July 9. We saw an Englishman was appropriating a lake, but we didn't know the magnitude of what appeared later. We already made the first marches made in a fipca(Interactive Foundation for the Promotion of the Culture of theagu). En el 2020, estos mismos matones que golpearon a los manifestantes nosrecibieron con piedras. Y venimos realizando una campaña en toda la provincia,porque todavía hoy, 26 años después que Lewis compre estas tierras, 14 milhectáreas, muchos no conocen.
“Por eso hicimos también un acto en Sierra Grande con CTA y ATE, donde Lewistiene otra estancia, Bahía Dorada, a 1.500 metros del mar. Le hemos presentadoya hace tiempo en Viedma reclamos a la gobernadora para que se abra el caminode Tacuifí, para llegar a Lago Escondido, y hemos hecho actos frente a lospozos petroleros de Pampa Energía, empresa de la que Lewis tiene unporcentaje, y que es la tercera en importancia en Vaca Muerta.
“Esta última marcha, también multisectorial, tuvo distintos momentos. Nosotroshicimos un acto frente al juzgado en Bariloche y marchamos a Tacuifí. Juntamosalrededor de mil compañeros. Nosotros considerábamos que era posible entrar,pero nuestros aliados plantearon que no. Como entendemos que para entrar tieneque haber consenso de todo el frente único con el que trabajamos, resolvimosseguir la discusión adentro, porque es fundamental mantener esa unidad contodos los sectores. Entiendo que se van creando condiciones para avanzar,particularmente a partir de la denuncia pública de la reunión en LagoEscondido de jueces, servicios de inteligencia, ministros macristas y el GrupoClarín. Justo en ese momento, un avión militar de los Emiratos Árabes,aterrizó en Bariloche con una estación satelital para una estancia delpríncipe de Qatar, que está al lado de la de Lewis.
“Este hecho es de gran magnitud. Algunos medios dicen que Lewis está armandouna ruta comunicacional propia, sin injerencia del Estado nacional, con baseen Bahía Dorada, Lago Escondido y Puerto Montt en Chile.
“Lewis, in the Lake hidden area, has a parallel state, an enclavecolonial. Send Lewis, and has controlled the mayor of Bolsón and Provincial Algómbrender. Recall that Lewis arrives in Río Negro in the midst of the menemist delivery, in the 90s, when the governor was summer. The first one buys Lewis are 8,000 hectares in a protected area of the Riverazul and Escondido River. As a Mapuche "protected for whom?", Because the rionegrino state, by the hand of summer expands these "protected areas" and in lot 79 is where Lewis installs his mansion, in the nascent of the riverosconde.
“Lewis has been expanding his interests. It has the electric usina, which invoices more than any other provider, and the province exempts the English group to the English group for 20 years.
“To the point the government supports Lewis, that in the face of the ruling of the Bariloche Depelling Chamber that orders the path of Tacuifí, the proprietary appeals the ruling. The relationship of the Government of Together We are black with Lewis is clear. And all this is done of course with the Demacri support, which as president gave him guarantee for this expansion. ”
Provincial elections 
Companion Rajneri tells us that everyone's front, which is presented in the next provincial elections of April 16, “was putting together in the heat of this struggle for sovereignty, specifically with the activities of 2022 for the 40s of the Falklands War . Already at that time, a sector of the front, La Cámpora, folded together we are. It was a difficult time, because the singing voice of the front was Martín Doñate, a national senator, there was a process with the Magdalena Odarda party, with the Movement, with Peronist action, which is the party of the Soria brothers, and with The bigfreem, which now retired for a matter of charges. We aware of everyone's front, and present the alliance in Justice and Los Candidates. ”
Raúl also tells us that there are municipal elections in Fiske Menuco in March, and in other municipalities in April. “We have candidates in several locations, and in the list of deputies. We are doing huge job. The PJ in Laprovincia is intervened, and La Cámpora goes as a collector of Together We are ríonegro.“Another important issue is the issue of the concessions of the replacement that are on the Limay River, which expire this year and comes from Menem, such as Enel, Piedra del Águila, Picún Leufú and Alicurá.
“One of the fundamental issues in the program, and in all the struggle we are giving, is the issue of the originals, of the Mapuches, because the provincial government does not know Law 26,160. In the march for Lake hidden, the denunciation of the evictions to the communities, made by Esecomando Unified between federal and provincial forces. By not accepting Estaley, there is a great dispute over the land. ”
The Earth dispute and resources 
Our interviewee recalls that “also in this is Lewis and different groups, including the Cataríes. Because Río Negro has four million ofhectas that are fiscal lands, many in mountain areas.
“This is also linked to the exit of the Gas of Vaca Muerta, which was for Puerto Rosales in Bahía Blanca but is saturated. They are preparing a port in Punta Colorada, Sierra Grande, to get the Petróle and the gas. It is an size project, which has to do with those 30 millmillones of Muerta Vaca dollars of which the vice president speaks. Deplo, this explains the relations of La Cámpora with the provincial government.
“So important is this project, that they repealed a law that prevented that in the Argentine sea that corresponds to the province could not leave nigas or oil. With that they opened the door to the port of Punta Colorada, where they all show. Because there is a Chinese company that has 10 thousand hectares, Laque exploits the iron of Sierra Grande.
“With the struggle of the original communities, in which it was presenting our organization original peoples in struggle, we have prevented, until there, the approval of a new mining code in the province that gives the mining interests over any other. Within this, the Green Hydrogen project is, in which austral and English companies are involved, to which they have given 625 thousand hectares for 75 years.
“In the midst of this dispute they are evicted to the Mapuches, there are about 3,000 CRIANCEROS, many Mapuches, who are in those fiscal lands and are hostigated, many times shots, so that they leave. There are many groups intersected in these lands, such as the Cataríes, and the eldest of them are. ”“Here in Río Negro we are brewing a front to face the delivery, which comes from the hand of the provincial government of Together We are Río Negro. Macrito also a formal candidate, Aníbal Tortoriello, who is a business of Cipolletti's oil and was an mayor there, but he is a minor partner of Adjuncts we are. They pretend that this choice is a fight between them two, and we want it to be an choice of thirds, in which we can all arrive with our program. ”
Weekly today N ° 1949
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/buscamos-la-mas-amplia-unidad-en-esta-batalla-por-la-soberania/ 
The resolution of class respect to the people's war to the people in the world 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-02-08T98:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['Chinese', 'Documents', 'Other Languages']
We public.
Resolution of class respect to the people's wars in the world 
People in the world are united!
 #
A resolution of class respect to the wars of people in the world 
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of Peru, India, Turkey, and the Philippines, the International Communist Alliance was the first international conference. Under the leadership of the Communist Party of Peru, the Communist Party of Peru, the Communist Party, the Communist Party, the Communist Party, and the revolutionary masses who insisted on the people's war. These people's war is the forefront of the world's proletarian revolution. The Peruvian Communist Party, the Indian Communist Party (Maoism), the Turkish Communist Party/Marx Leninism, and the Philippine Communist Party have made an example for the Communists around the world. They mobilized the people's war, revolutionary war, and the unbreakable communism determined to face the imperialist and reactionary racial army, smashing the revolutionary traitors who wanted to sell the revolution for a plate of beans with strong actions.
Today the world is entering a new revolutionary period. The glorious road of the People's War clarified to the international proletarian and the deepest and vast people in the world that our Communists gave answers to this imperialism and their hells imposed to our hell and solved it to solve them. Plan and the only feasible method. That is, the democratic revolution and the socialist revolution are followed by the continuous cultural revolution. In the era of freedom and prosperity, there are no oppressors and oppressors, no exploitation and exploiters, and humans are developing there. start.
The sacrifice, selflessness and heroism of our comrades are developing the people's war, giving us huge encouragement. We feel their kind existence in all our work and fight for the re -union of the Communists around the world. Their role models are full of bravery, in order to overcome the two route struggles of all obstacles and victory on our road, which allows us to unite to a higher extent under the guidance of Maoism.
The establishment of the International Communist Alliance we realized today is a huge step in the international communist movement. There is no doubt that it will support all international activities and class activities to support the people's war -with the highest proletarian internationalist spirit - The victory development provides strong thrust. Even more, the most important thing is that it will serve the more powerful people's war flames in the world.
The International Communist Alliance is a new organization of the Communist Party, and it is a new organization that launch and develop the people's war.
Before the people's proletariat and the oppressed people on the planet, we swear that we must do everything we can do, serve the victory of the ongoing people's war, and serve the new people's war service as soon as possible. The brave soldiers raised the red flag and waved the guns of the revolutionary army. They would know that their decisions and determinations inspired more and more revolutionary reform actions in all continents, and at the same time made imperialism, revisionism, and reactionaries trembling. No matter what happens, we will be with them with their path, the road of people's war.
People's Wars will win!May strong armed revolutionary flames burning imperialism beasts! 
The First International Conference of the International Communist Union
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/02/08/%e5%90%91%e4%b8%96%e7%95%8c%e4%b8%8a%e7%9a%84%e5%90%84%e4%ba%ba%e6%b0%91%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e8%87%b4%e4%bb%a5%e9%98%b6%e7%ba%a7%e6%95%ac%e6%84%8f%e7%9a%84%e5%86%b3%e8%ae%ae/ 
Kulturfabrik Zurich ’ 
Author: ['muhabirbakis']
Time: 2023-02-08T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Open your door to solidarity
Duyarlı Halkımız, Kulturfabrik Zürich Olarak Yeni Bir Kampanya Başlatmış Bu...: 
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-02-08-at-17.49.26-620x330.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-02-08-at-17.49.26.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Open your door to solidarity
Our sensitive people, as Kulturfabric Zürich, started a new campaign. As you know, our geography is experiencing a great disaster.
As Kulturfabrik Zürich, we believe that if we cannot help our people, the hands of the hands are not meaningful.
It is our call to our sensitive people, no matter where it is in Turkey, there is a life, beer who can entertain the beer, if not now when I do the doors.
Contact information
Instagram https://instagram.com/ kulturfabrik ?igshid=zddkntzintm=
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/kulturfabrikzh
Twitter: https://twitter.com/atikhaber?t=r-u28Mdclerigb2at3hr0a&s=09
Address: Binzmühstrasse 405, 8046 Zürich
Kulturfabric Zürich
 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/kulturfabrik-zuerihten-kampanya-kapini-dayanismaya-ac 
Impose from the streets that the crisis is paid by those that take it in shovel 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-08T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: The government's adjustment policy punishes the people and favors the most reactionary right plans to return to the government. The struggles grow and better conditions are created to advance in the fight for emergencies and in defense of our sovereignty; and for this to be expressed on the electoral fronts of several provinces.
Description: 1. The anger grows approaches the beginning of the classes and most of the boys cannot buy shoes, notebooks and useful, which cost a barbarity. The anger grows in the factories for the cost of living. The workers and workers of Mondelez say: "The salary is not enough." Inflation continues to make & Hellip;
Images: [' peru-febrero.jpg ']
Type: article
 1. Grow the anger 
The beginning of the classes is approaching and most boys cannot take off shoes, notebooks and useful, which cost barbarity.
The anger grows in the factories for the cost of living. The workers and workers of Mondelez say: "The salary is not enough." Inflation remains axes, retirements and social plans. In the AMBA, a kilo of bread comes out 480pesos. The energy and supportible rates also increased at the beginning of the month.
With the claim to put a 60% roof to the peers, the ruling the blank salaries, which leaves thousands of formal workers under the poverty line and in turn throws down the salaries in black.
It is unbearable to increase rents that according to the current law is of 85% for this month. Many families cannot pay it, they will look for homes in villas, or will remain in the streets. The earth, whether to live or work for fortunes.
The rural workers, the peasants and the farmers are in a stale situation aggravated by the drought. Those who dedicate themselves to cattle sold susvacas with the fallen price, and now the landowners earn again, when the kilo is sold with a 40% increase. Government measures favor landowners and hang the rural population.
The situation of the poorest has been aggravated. INDEC says there are 3,700,000 homeless argentinos. But to comply with the agreements imposed by the IMF, social plans are reached and food for popular dining rooms.
It is impossible to resolve this serious situation if it is not imposed from the streets measured in the sense of the “10 points” proposed by our party, so that the crisis is paid by those who continue to take it in the shovel, and it is broken with an infamous action with the IMF with the IMF , that of the Paris Club and other imperialist agreements.

2. The imperialist dispute and the struggle of the peoples grows **
Latin America and the world are shaken by disputes, wars and struggles. Solidarity with the rebellion of the Peruvian people that is an example for all peoples of America and the world. Freedom to Pedro Castillo. We repudiate the state of state that displaced and imposed it to Dina Boluarte. 
We are a few days from February 24, when a year after the Russian imperialist invasion is completed. The Ukrainian government warned that it put a brutal offensive to its forces to take over Donbás for March. We repudiate the Russian imperialist invasion, and being supportive with the heroic resistance of the Ukrainian people who fight to be the owner of Sudestino.
We will promote in this anniversary pronouncements of the organizations of the Argentine Pueblo for the withdrawal of the invading troops and the rejection of the presentation of Yankee and NATO imperialism. 
The superpowers continue to prepare for war. The Secretary of Defense of Yankee Imperialism, Lloyd Austin, made a recent South Acorea trip to make agreements on the Sea of Japan and then was affilipins to make new military agreements that imply four new andquis new bases in that country, and warned of the possibility of a Conchina Guerra in 2025. Philippines maintains border conflicts with Chinese elimperialism precisely in the China Sea, and in its Losyanquis coast they intend to build a submarine base.
Meanwhile a Chinese spy balloon survived for days the Cielonorteamericano until it was finally shot down by the Yankees. As a result of Chinese imperialism maneuver, the Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, canceled a visit to that country. As we have been raising the dispute, the corners of the earth arrive and acts on each of our countries.
Yankee imperialism, in an agreement with the Government of Paraguay, passed the badly called Paraná-Paraguay hydrovy. After failing a Yankee intent of installing a military base in Tierra del Fuego, the Fueguino governor negotiates with China the installation of a port that would give it a strategic position in the meeting of the two oceans.The imperialist dispute stains the reality of the oppressed countries such as the Name and nail their claws, associated with one or another sector of the dominant classes of each of them.
3. The streets 
2022 ended with great popular mobilizations and 2023 starting the unit for protests that win the streets.
We fight so that the kids/is have their shoes and the supplies to powers. So that those who go hungry can eat.
There is a youth that seeks roads to star in their struggles and end up consusing sufferings as seen in the camps of the Mus, the strain and the FNC.
On 15/2, the National Peasant Federation performs a national day of the Hucha with activities by place, with the claims of the sector and for “that Laplat to resolve emergencies leaves those who have been raising in Papa”. They accompany the unemployed and precarious of the CCC and other forces as autonomous.
On 24/2, Mijp - CCC retirees are mobilized, because retirement, which charges the vast majority of retirees in our country, is because of the indigence line and with the miserable increases it continues to have for inflation.
Many unions fight to recover their salaries in the peers. They do not want "ceilings" or handles in which they get them again.
Women's movements continue to fight equal salary alike, against the violence they suffer and the lack of government measures. They will prepare for a great mobilization in the streets by March 8, internetational day of working women.
There are conditions to unite the popular forces in mass acts on the 24th demarzo, repudiating the 1976 genocidal coup d'etat, the judicialization of the struggles, and the criminal attacks against political and social leaders.
In many provinces that have unfolded the elections, the discussion advances to the formation of electoral fronts that contemplate the claims for popular emergencies and national sovereignty.
Together with the change and the powerful sectors of the ruling classes that are behind that reactionary right, in the middle of an internal fierce by candidacies, they continue to work to fulfill their goal of again Sergobierno.It was the fight and unity in the streets that stopped the reacting offensive to further prosecute the protests at the end of last year.
It was the role of social, trade union and popular organizations, which, who is forces in the streets, led the struggles against the Demacri government, which created conditions to defeat it at the polls with the front front.
In 2023 it will be key to that reactionary right. For that, there is no other way than to advance in the struggles with The prominence of the people in the streets. **
The Government did not comply, nor is it fulfilling, the commitments it took in the 2019 elections. The three sectors that direct the front and the government are involved in the dispute by the candidacies. In the economy, the three -sectors agree to prioritize the payment of a fraudulent debt with the IMF Yorganisms of the out of outside and from the inside of the country. Everyone's front does not have any open instance to social, union and political organizations that we integrate; forces that we want to discuss the Degobierno program.
The government does not see the painful situation of much of the people, or listen to it that grows. Do not value the popular prominence in the streets, nor do it have a position of the new judicial offensive against those fighting in the streets. It is a policy that divides popular and emboldeneal forces to the right -wing. 
4. “To the Malvinas kids that I will never forget…” 
The popular forces continue to fight the unity in the struggle, with the protagonism of the people in the streets , so that there is no or personacon hunger in our homeland. With all the kids and kids with their shoes and their school supplies. With increases in salaries, retirements and social plans according to the basic basket. With the elimination of the employment tax to the workers. With all families with land to live or to cultivate food in each town. With the declaration of National Emergency in violence against women.A little over a month ago, millions in Argentina took to the streets to celebrate the triumph of the World Cup and singing "Boys ...", which became everyone's hymn. There we paid tribute "to the Malvinas kids that I will never pile."
An example in that sense has just been given the recent seventh marchamultisectoral to Lake hidden, Río Negro, repudiating the imperialist agent Lewis, whose house gathered officials of justice, macro and Clarín characters. That reactionary right, on the contrary, defends this English agent and demonizes the native peoples, acting as "Gurkas", as those Nephale mercenaries who fought for silver for English imperialists when invaded Malvinas in 1982 in 1982
Governor Rionegrina Arabela Carreras and former WeretilneCkkdefunder governor to the pirate Lewis, protect the patota that attacked the protesters, and put together a front next to a sector of Peronism and with the UCR. While, with everyone's front, a front of Peronist sectors, ELPTP-PCR, the Evita Movement and other popular forces was formed.
5. We are the party of Otto Vargas 
As the beloved Comrade Otto Vargas, general secretary from the funding of our party, taught us until his death on February 14, 2019, the revolutionary communists fight for making possible what is necessary.
The PCR has just turned 55, with the same objective with which we founded 1968: the National and Social Liberation Revolution. 
We have come to make a successful 13 National Congress of our party, concuyas Resolutions and program We go to the meeting of the great debatepolytic in the masses around what is the exit in favor of the power.
We put the center to continue in front of all the struggles for popular emergencies, national sovereignty and the validity of our democratic conquests and liberties, and from there we offer a struggle in the PCR and the JCR, to advance in the path of national liberation and socially in Patria.With the revolutionary example of our beloved Otto Vargas, at the end of February 14, four years of his death, we prompted from the central commitment that the whole game and its youth make a national day of painted and dissemination activities of the PCR In the Centers for Concentration Workers, Peasants, Original and Popular Entodo El País. 
In his farewell, comrade Jacinto Roldán said: “The story of Otto Vargasno has finished writing. Because a communist is not judged only because he has done throughout his militant life but for what he leaves. ”
Four years after his death we proudly say that the PCR continues its legacy: nonos we paralyzed, we did not sell and follow the struggle for the revolution and portrminate with the exploitation of man by man.
We continue to reaffirm what Otto said on the 40th anniversary of Our Party: “We are sure that our struggle will succeed. We believe what Mao said: the logic of the oppressed is to fight, fail, to fight, to fail again, and so on to triumph. And we, with the Lamisma conviction with which we found the Revolutionary Communist Party ... we say that there will be new triumphant revolutions, that imperialism will be divided, and that ultimately communism will triumph worldwide. ”
_ Write Ricardo Fierro and Germán Vidal _ 

Photo: The rebellion of the Peruvian people that is an example for all the people of America and the world 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/imponer-desde-las-calles-que-la-crisis-la-paguen-los-que-se-la-llevan-en-pala/ 
Especially the resolutions of Chairman Xie Gongzararo and the Secret Communist Communist Party 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-02-08T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['Chinese', 'Documents', 'Other Languages']
We public.
Decisions of Chairman and Secret Communist Party 
People in the world are united!
 #
Resolution of Chairman Xie Gong Salo and the Secret Communist Party 
On September 11, 2021, President Gentaror gave his life in the glorious trenches of the People's War, and seized political, military, and morally for the Peruvian Communist Party, the People's War, the international proletariat, and the people of the world. victory. We, members of the first international conference of the International Communist Alliance, extended special respect to the great leader of the proletariat, raised the undefeated flag to the top, vowed to imitate his outstanding example of his career completely and dedicated to our career. , Fight for communism and trek.
Chairman Gentararo is neutral and our minds in our minds, in all the tasks and struggles we have developed, our immortal ideology, Marx Lenonaoism, accurately guide these tasks and struggles. He defined Marx Lenin Maoism as a new, third and higher stage of Marxism in a fair and correct way. Chairman Gentarar taught us that becoming a Marxist today is a Maoist. Therefore, the international conference is the result and manifestation of Chairman Gentararo, so it constitutes a tribute to the giant of the thought and action.
In the difficulties and complex situations of the Peruvian people's war, on the road established by Chairman Gangsaro, because of this heroic battle, the Peruvian Communist Party -cast it with his image and appearance -still exists. Our comrades are undergoing a comprehensive reorganization in Peru. Now we are developing. We are side by side with them to make any necessary contributions to its success. We are convinced that the development of the people's war, with more and more people's war, the secrets will continue to complete its role, just as it has been doing what it has been doing, developing the Peruvian revolution and serving the world revolution.
The meeting to attend our meeting is an indispensable condition for the successful development of the meeting and the establishment of the International Communist Alliance.
Chairman of Gentararo is immortal!Long live the People's War of the Peruvian Communist Party and its leadership!President Gentararo did not die -he lived among us! 
The First International Conference of the International Communist Union
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/02/08/%e7%89%b9%e5%88%ab%e8%87%b4%e8%b0%a2%e8%b4%a1%e8%90%a8%e7%bd%97%e4%b8%bb%e5%b8%ad%e5%92%8c%e7%a7%98%e5%85%b1%e7%9a%84%e5%86%b3%e8%ae%ae/ 
