马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
2023-02-15
 




English 

Lasso, correist, brunettes or leftist with old wedge, the same shit are 
Author: Frente de Defensa de Luchas del Pueblo en el Ecuador (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: What Lasso's regime is corrupt? For his post, his single banker condition makes him corrupt. Its only condition of being possessor of ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-14T15:55:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-14T18:37:09-08:00
Images: [' LASSO,%20CORRE%C3%8DSTAS,%20MORENISTAS,%20O%20IZQUIERDISTAS%20DE%20VIEJO%20CU%C3%91O,%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20LA%20MISMA%20MIERDA%20SON%20fdlp-ec.jpg ']
 What Lasso's regime is corrupt? For his post, the only condition of him makes him corrupt. His only condition of being a media possessor and seizing the labor force of the workers already converts it corrupt. Then, nothing new under the sun.
The problem is that in one way or another this type of "novelties" areutilized by opportunism to distract the attention of class and the lameas in relation to their true tasks and responsibilities for the revolutionary Latin management of society.
For more than two centuries we have been listening to that the rulers steal, that only, murderous, repressive. For that same time we have felt bunny from every calaña have lied and trafficked with the blood and wrestling people.
The masses have been voting since 1830, and the results are always adverse, even with the triumph of their candidates. Why?, Because the elections noticed anything, except make up the old state, print certain reforms that are not very benefiting from the majorities; Because those who govern us, use the state apparatus to satisfy their economic and political aspirations to resolve the contradictions they have between them, among bourgeois bourgeois and bureaucratic bourgeois, nothing more.
What is electoral fraud? And?; The elections themselves are also a fraud; because they make us believe that with them we decided the rumbos of the country and our lives. Nothing more false than that!The same, a hoax. The masses vote because they are alienated, and vote for anterminated candidate because it had a greater capacity to influence - legitimates, by the way - that the people have.
If Lasso is overthrown, it is fine, but another will come, with shoes and t -shirts of another color, they do not matter if it is yellow, red, or even with the colors of Dearcoíris, it will do the same, it will position theirs, it will steal, it will traffic with the one with the one with the one with the one and will not contribute at all to your necessary emancipation.
We have already seen it with Correism, in Peru with Castillo, Morales in Bolivia, Petro in Colombia, nothing changes under the sun with the elections, a loan that will allow us From the dominant classes it will be the revolution of New Democracy, uninterrupted transit alsocialism. Without these purposes, without popular war, we will have nothing.
These days we attend the confrontation of the two factions of the Great Burger. The rags are removed in the sun; The corrupt of the bourgeoisiaburocratic, the thieves, the repressive ones, shout in the face of Lasso, representative of the buying bourgeoisie: thief!, corrupt!, and great sector of the masses obnubilated with that great circus.
The communists do not need a digital press medium, from the ODE Assembly the Prosecutor's Office to know and understand that every regime is corrupt, thief, repressive and murderer; We do not eat story with the "unpolluted" revolutionary discourse of correism, much less from Pachakutik, or that Tibán, Quehpe and others have no responsibilities in the presence of Lasso in the government?, do not say popular unity, other vergacies that pendulate Between a bourgeois Itra looking for a way to accommodate in the bureaucratic apparatus of the state.
Dismissal bells replicate in the Plaza Grande. The opportunists Yalanzan their electoral campaign. Yaku Pérez is promoted, still, does not differentiate in the other political stores, should we fall into that game?
The old state falls apart, it is rotten, infiltrated by drug trafficking and crime; Meanwhile, the "saviors of the homeland" offer the problems that afflict the great majorities, of course, to change the vote, to take ranks for one or gold of the great bourgeoisie.Strategic inflexibility, tactical flexibility, must be the slogan. Broken by the revolution, but not because of the reform. You have to build aUnico, Antielectoro, anti -imperialist and popular, not directed by the usual diminutors, by the contaminated, by the purulent, by those who have fine personalist calculations, but directed by the proletariat, whose last proposites are those who are tight to destruction of the old power-terratema power.
Do not fall into the distractive game presented by the Assembly and the interburger contradictions
Regardless of what happens with the Lasso regime and who happens to him, our responsibility is to fight tirelessly for the conquest of power
Only rights and freedoms are conquered with fights!
News Source: https://fdlp-ec.blogspot.com/2023/02/lasso-correistas-morenistas-o.html 
PC February 14 - Former Fiat Termini Imerese: c ’ it is a proposal of reindustrialisation, the alumea (Ukraine) for the production of aluminum 
Author: prolcompal
Time: 2023-02-14T16:20:00+01:00
Images: [' stabilimento%20ex%20fiat.jpg ']
 The program agreement for the reindustrialization of the former Fiat Ditermini Imerese area, so required by politicians and unions, seems to be in the face of arrival. There is a "draft", said the commissioner, of an agreement, which should be financed with 70 million euros of public money, and which was the alcentro of the meeting that was held the day before yesterday: as far as we read The "table" was quite full!"At the table, convened by the commissioner Tamajo, the three commissioners of the former Blutec participated(Giuseppe Glorioso, Fabrizio Grasso, Andrea Bucarelli), the regional councilor for work, Nucciaalbano, the manager of the Productive Activities Carmelo Frieditta, the Commissioner of the Western Zes Sicily Carlo
Amenta. Also present were the managers of the regional INPS and the secretaries Fimfiom and Uilm. "
The meeting was however, urgent, given that the previous agreement had already been already underway, and it also serves to give justification to the layoffs for the approximately 600 ex -remained workers, plus those of the survey. These work of the former Fiat as you know are waiting for 12 years now the phantom anti -industrialization and in the meantime many are reaching the age of retirement, so much so that the councilor, has kept communicating to the present that they have "activated the INPS so that together with the commissioners Check the conditions for the workers, who have the requirements, to the early ".
In the meeting, the relaunch plan of the Ukrainian company was illustrated, ALUMETA. It is "a 41 million euro investment, including 27 million capitals of its own and 14 of bank financing. Objectively the realization of a production factory of profiles and aluminum components with a 1,100 tons per month. The start -up in operation in 24 months, the first phase is expected to hire 250 workers. "To the Ukrainian masters of the Almeta, the factory makes a throat, also because "Sitrova in the Zes area [Special Economic Area], which means that it can be subjected to subsidized authorization procedures and a favorable tax regime" that is, it collects profits and pays less taxes in general!
But if even in the end the agreement should go through, different remaining remain: first of all for the number of workers, given that there is talk of 250 work, naturally to be "converting", going from the construction of self -aluminum production of aluminum profiles; For the times, which seem long abbastitance ... not forgetting that there are millions of Europe at stake!
But above all, how reliable can a company that is based in Oucraine, a country currently in war?
On all this, on the maneuvers of masters and governments, the workers have now long experience, and also on this proposal they can very well reflect, but above all they can decide cosa do !
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-14-febbraio-ex-fiat-termini-imerese.html 
PC February 14 - The words of the fight against the steel mills of Taranto and contract 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-14T17:47:00+01:00
Images: [' sc%20penaleMG_9435.JPG ', ' ditteIMG_9436.JPG ', ' cigIMG_9320.JPG ']
 
 
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-14-febbraio-le-parole-dordini-di.html 
PC February 14 - USA/Ohio: huge imperialist environmental disaster 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-14T17:48:00+01:00
Images: [' Ohio.jpg ']
Although several days have passed, in the silence of the media, it performs a derailment of more than 16 railway wagons who transported "dangerous materials"(There is talk of chemicals such as CVM but not on the wagons)He generated a gigantic fire of toxic substances led to acid rains and contamination of the Ohio river, Cheserve over 10% of the United States population. Highlytoxic substances have been kept hidden, made to pass near places inhabited on maintenance -free tracks.
The carcinogenic risk is very high and will have long -term consequences.
The CVM(Monomer vinyl chloride is mainly used to produce polyvinyl, PVC, a hard plastic resin used perit in a variety of plastic products, including pipes, including pipes,
Wires and cables coverings and packaging materials)He led to the mortar workers in Italy who, inhaling him, died of liver cancer and alasing cancer while the Montedison/Enichem masters, despite being aware of the carcinogenic consegliance, paid "experts" to deceive the operating the toxic risk
The Use Imperialist Government of Biden that floods the Ukrainian of difinancing and weapons, worsens the conditions of the suioscesso people every day.
The US imperialist government is a criminal threat against the American masses against the peoples of the world!
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-14-febbraio-usaohio-enorme-disastro.html 
PC February 15: In Tunis: Meeting on the situation of Algerian feminism but also the one at the regional level Maghrebino (Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia), and international 
Author: fannyhill
Time: 2023-02-15T08:00:00+01:00
Images: [' 12febbraio.jpg ']
 Info: as a companion of communist proletarians italy 
The Rosa Luxembourg Foundation organized a meeting entitled in Tunis: "Algerian, from the national revolution to the feminist revolution", hosting historical figures of Algerian feminism: Wassyla Tamzali Lawyer and FatmaousSedik Sociologist and university professor.
Both confronted each other by highlighting agreements and differences, answering questions from the representative of the German Foundation, finally Hannorised to some questions from the public.
Many topics related not only about the situation of feminismalgerino but also the one at the regional level Maghrebino(Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia), and international.
The main question on which the two feminist militants found themselves in agreement and which represented a little the common thread of the meeting, the denunciation of a certain para-institutional feminism hegemonized on the NGO is(There has been talk continuously on the ong-process of feminism), with a consequent loss of the political and ideological centrality of the feminist movement strategy which instead folded to institutionalist logic.
For example, Tamzali touched him with his hand "from the belly of the beast" having had in female commissions within the United Nations, and has relaunched: "In Algeria the feminism is stronger than in neighboring countries", and despite this "we are now in A phase of political decline ", instead" at the beginning eravamomarxist and socialist, we had an ideology and therefore an alternative policy change, while now, even the militants in the opposition have contracted any planning ".
Fatma Oussedik for its part underlined how this "ong-process" of the Femminism, affecting the politicization of the movement, made the social relationships of sex ", who" must not be disguised from sexual ", but he reiterated, you have to Understanding the right relationship between phenomena and their material basis that produces them, deriving from the relationship relationships.The two feminists confronted each other with two partially part visions: Tamzali thinks that in Hirak two issues were not resolved for the Algeria or the question of women and the role that they are in the Algerian society and secondly the question of the wanting, While according to her: "The future of our country is linked to the women of women" in major forms than in European countries qualifrancia, Italy or Spain.
On the other hand, Fatma Oussedik expressed its disagreement on this analysis by that "in two years of hirak we have instead affirmed the existence of the feminist" despite being "an episode of our long history".
Indeed, the hirak has seen the presence of theonnas impose inside, initially opposed by some male components of the movement attex, but not retreating and continuing to affirm their presence on the path of the weekly events on Friday at the entrance of the University of Algiers 1.
Wassyla Tamzali was therefore corrected immediately after specifying that in the Hirakeran they present first of all the young people, a disruptive force that seemed to seem and that instead re -occupied the social and political scene, secondly workers through the paraistical union, in which there is a good good to be considered slice of proletarians are influenced by Islamism(e questa èuna contraddizione con cui anche la componente femminista si èscontrata/confrontata)and thirdly the feminist presence. The latter, according to Tamzali, has not translated its radicality into a radical equity even if it entered the dialectic with the Second -chief, that of the workers, also causing unpublished results: anecdote of an assembly in the square organized by the MaghrebinoUquation collective(his organization)In which a worker stopped adopting he tried to stop a girl who was speaking, the Donnelo brought the order telling him: "Fuck it and then we give you laparola". Once the microphone has been given to him, the worker broke out in tears; "Why do you cry? You have the microphone, say what you wanted to say", the worker was: "I cry because it is the first time that someone is placed to adapt to me". So the hirak has asked deep issues relating to the organization and protagonism of workers.Fatma Oussedik despite being substantially agreed, he added another element of reflection by reconnecting to the legal question, which would be more quintidovo with the "public space", now the problem with the Oussedik who in this type of company is lacking freedom also in the private space: "We don't even have the private space!" And for example, the month of Ramadhan in which on the one hand the woman in fasting is obliged to cook for the rest of the family, in addition to the infamous, a control of "everyone towards everyone" unfolds and fasting becomes an obligation.
Islamism is a complicated phenomenon and once again it is necessary to seek the identification between the superstructural phenomenon and the material structure that loproduce: Islamism also in Algeria has changed and has been modified by the downthodic of urbanization, of the mass schooling that have a reduction in Family unit, a change in diconsumo habits, a generalized commodification: all this has changed the same, their habits and ways of life.
Another theme addressed was the relationship between hirak and political planning for Algeria: the hirak claimed democracy, but democracy does not coincide with "representative democracy" or with the only practice of the elections, recalls Laoussedik: "in Hirak himself representative democracy Non -hafunction ... we were unable to elect a representative of the 'over two years, on the contrary, the Democratiapartecipivivivivivivivia democratiaparty has worked in the square of millions of people all years for two years ".
In this regard, he recalls Tamzali that on March 8, 2019, 20 million people took to the Piazza Intutta by coinciding one of the Friday Diprotesta with the International Women's Day: "How is it possible that after the day we were unable to record and a Change Algeria? ".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-15-febbraio-tunisi-incontro-su-la.html 
A message from the Palestinian prisoners to the internationalists on the occasion of the Week of Action for the Liberation of Ahmad Sa'adat and all the Palestinian prisoners 
Author: SolRojista (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: January 24, 2023 The solidarity network with Palestinian prisoners Samidoun received this message from the Palestinian prisoners in the prisons of ...
Publish Time: 2023-02-15T09:20:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-15T09:21:41-08:00
Images: [' FPLP-Gaza.jpg.webp ', ' Bandera%20Pelestina%20Mx.jpeg ', ' E1dvP_jXoAEnsn0.jpg ', ' solidaridad%20ahmad.jpeg ']
 
24 enero 2023
La red de solidaridad con los presos palestinos Samidoun recibió este mensajede los presos palestinos en las cárceles de ocupación para todos los queparticiparon en los eventos y acciones internacionales durante la Semana deAcción para liberar a Ahmad Sa'adat y a todos los presos palestinos convocadadel 14 al 24 de enero de 2023. El mensaje fue leído en voz alta durante lamanifestación masiva en Gaza del 24 de enero de 2023 organizada por el CentroHandala para presos y ex prisioneros, concluyendo la semana de acción.
Un mensaje de los prisioneros del Frente Popular de Liberación de Palestinaen las cárceles de la ocupación a las y los participantes en la campañainternacional para la liberación de Ahmad Sa 'adat y todos los prisionerospalestinos: 
En los últimos años, muchas personas pensaron que habíamos llegado al final dela era revolucionaria, que los tiempos de los revolucionarios habían terminadoy que solo el liberalismo, el individualismo y el egoísmo dominaban en estemundo. Sin embargo, la prueba de que este mundo todavía está agitado por elespíritu revolucionario se encuentra en la campaña internacional desolidaridad con el líder Ahmad Sa'adat, Abu Ghassan. Es un gritorevolucionario que recuerda al mundo que la revolución no es solo una idea yuna elección, sino también un deber humano.
La voz de Abu Ghassan, el líder encarcelado, es un grito revolucionario queproviene de las profundidades de las mazmorras del enemigo, que le recuerda almundo que la revolución no es solo una idea o una opción, es un deberhumanitario, y es la línea avanzada de defensa de la humanidad y la dignidadhumana frente a las fuerzas de la injusticia, la opresión, la tiranía, laocupación y el colonialismo.
Finalmente, este breve mensaje nuestro, no solo de apoya a Abu Ghassan, sinomás bien a lo que él representa y encarna: la firmeza, la dignidad y lahumanidad frente a la injusticia. La causa de los prisioneros trasciende lasfronteras, las geografías, los muros y los tiempos paralelos. Es unarevolución que enfrenta la injusticia y en la que nuestros prisioneros se unencon todos los prisioneros revolucionarios de todo el mundo en las mazmorras dela opresión y la persecución, en particular el camarada Georges Abdallah ymuchos otros hijos e hijas de la revolución.
Hasta que nos encontramos un día en la tierra de la Palestina liberada.
Sus compañeros del Frente Popular de Liberación de Palestina en las cárcelesde ocupación.
Tomado de https://samidoun.net/ 
A continuación fotos de acciones de solidaridad con Palestina desde México
 
 
 
News Source: http://solrojista.blogspot.com/2023/02/un-mensaje-de-los-presos-palestinos-los.html 
Elche: Concentration against police violence 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-02-15T11:06:24+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-15T11:06:24+00:00
Description: We have received in our email a photographic report of the concentration against police violence that resulted in Elche in November 2022. The concentration took place ...
Images: [' elche2.jpeg ', ' elche1.jpeg ', ' elche3.jpeg ', ' elche4.jpeg ', ' elche5.jpeg ', ' elche6.jpeg ']
Type: article
02/15/2023
We have received in our email a photographic report of laconcentration against police violence that resulted in Elche in November 2022. The concentration took place in the context of police abuse in the Carrús neighborhood, where the police forces gave a brutal pizamieras A person(can read here the news). Las masas que acudieron lanzaron consignas contra lasfuerzas represivas del Estado y en solidaridad con las masas migrantes deElche, especialmente la comunidad africana, los «sinpapeles», que sufrenidentificaciones masivas y racistas en lugares como la Plaza Madrid o la PlazaBarcelona, donde suelen concentrarse antes de ir a trabajar.
      
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/02/15/elche-concentracion-contra-la-violencia-policial/ 
Police give freedom to honor the fascists of the Blue Division and the Waffen-SS, while fine for distributing pamphlets in defense of public health 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-02-15T11:36:17+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-02-15T11:38:35+00:00
Description: Last Saturday, February 11, one more year, protected by the Police and authorized by the Government Subdelegation, the fascist march in tribute to the Blue Division (Spanish volunteers ...
Images: [' image-11.png ', ' image-12.png ', ' image-13.png ', ' image-14.png ', ' image-15.png ']
Type: article
02/15/2023
Last Saturday, February 11, one more year, protected by the political and authorized by the Government Subdelegation, the fascist march to enhomeage to the Blue Division(Spanish volunteers sent by Franco acombatir by Nazi Germany, organized as infantry division 250 and after their dissolution, within the Waffen-SS). La marcha aprovechaba el80º aniversario de la batalla de Krasny Bor, donde los voluntarios fascistastuvieron un importante papel a nivel militar.
 Cartelde the call  MARCHAPOR THE BLUE DIVISION 
It was this same mobilization in which last year Isabel Medina Peralta law with speech saying the following: The enemy will always be the same, although with different masks: the Jew. [...] _ The Jew thus_ ".
  Homenajeen in the cemetery of the Almudena 
The Democratic Memory Law has not prevented the fascist tribute, either elgonemón, which shows the class character of the Spanish State and Solstores. Instead, he strives to demobilize the organization and fighting, fine activists for the right to public health while pamphlets replied by calling for assistance to the demonstration on Sunday12.
 _Obtenidode: https://twitter.com/diegofsrb/status/1624460519586365519 _
This double measure of measuring shows only the greatest hypocrisy and the rotation of the repressive forces of the State. It is evident, once again, the need of the organization in the anti -fascist struggle and against repression.
Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/02/15/la-policia-da-libertad-para-homenajear-a-los-fascistas-division-azul-y-las-waffen-ss-mientras-multa-por-repartir-panfletos-en-defensa-de-la-sanidad-publica/ 
PC February 15 - The Slai Cobas line for the class union at the anti -capitalist proletarian assembly of Rome 18 February Spazio Metropozz via Prenestina 913 at 10.30/18.30 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-15T12:00:00+01:00
Images: [' strisc%20generIMG_9380.JPG ']
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-15-febbraio-la-linea-dello-slai.html 
Colombia - Neither the Government, nor the Uribista mafia, only the people saves the people 
Author: maoistroad
Description: By labor revolution · 2023-02-12 ...
Time: 2023-02-15T12:03:00-08:00
Images: []
By Workers Revolution * 2023-02-12
All the political representatives of the reactionaries, the reformist rulers and suescolta, all, today they declare defenders of the suffering from workmen, defenders of those who were massacred yesterday, disappeared and counted as "vandals", defenders of that social mass to which they have been sacrificed at the altar of the overwhelming overwhelming.
The president and his ministerial cabinet, the small parties and bourgeois, reformists and reactionaries, call to take the streets, love. Some in unconditional support to the Government of the Historical Pact, others against him. Such is the objective of the demonstrations and concentrations cited for February 14 and 15, and in front of which the revolutionary communists and workers take distance and we are obliged to raise awareness in salaried workers on what should be an independent class assumption, more when everyone when everyone The leaders of the reformed and opportunistic parties, as well as the renowned bosses sell-work of the centrals summon the working masses in general and the union movements in particular, to leave in the blind defense of the current Government.
We have already said it and reaffirmed it: the Petro government got into uncharted without exit when it promised the workers to solve their serious proproblems and at the same time, it guaranteed the entrepreneurs to protect and encourage the capitalist system, whose economic support is the superexplocetaciTotaciTotacotation that enriches the pattern and impoverish the worker. That is why it is an impotent and unstablegovernment, prevented from affecting the business of the Ricos, which the capitalist guilds take advantage of any social reform project; And politically it is the support point of the Uribista mafia and all its "lava-perros", to try to gain support between workers. But the people have already learned that they cannot support the same that for 20 years of the mafia and paramilitary uribist regime, they fueled them hunger, misery and death. He learned to hate them, to know in his promises, to demand his claims for the paths of speech the political strikes, of economic strikes, of the and blocked strikes, of the great social uprisings.We respond that the working class should not support a reformist government with and at the service of the capitalists, because they are an enemies amorted by the workers. You should not support the Petro government for the only one to promise social reforms that are not even known, but it can already be foreseen that they will not modify the issues of the Background of Lawy and anti-popular laws. Because these reforms are being arranged with the same exploiting sucks, with the own own monopolies of health and pension business. Because the aforementioned reforms are being subjected to the approval of the imperialists themselves, the OECD, the IMF, the BM, the FAO, the WTO ... have ordered their lacquenos colombians international impositions to intensify the superxploitation of the working class. Because the announced reformed projects have the endorsement of the Chiefs of the Trade Union Centers, recognized for sale-Obreros Defenders of the Conciliation with the enemies Declass, traitors of the great national unemployment of 2021, and that every year they are legally reduced to legally reduce the minimum wage real. In the end, if they will pass reforms that will only scratch some secondary aspects of the villagers of the people, with small acceptable remains for the capitalists and imperialists.
Apparently the current pulse between the Government of Petro and the Uribista mafia, seems a confrontation due to exclusively political causes given the government's impotence to serve at the same time to the demands of Class Safegonic in society: the exploiting parasites and the workers exploited. But behind and at the base of these strictly political struggles, there is the pressure of the economic crisis of world capitalism in strong this year, there is the disastrous social crisis that has brought together the needs and sufferings of the working masses, which are the same processed causes of the Social outbreaks in previous years, whose solution was suffocated by the bloody attack of the mafia regime and that the reformist from the historical pact committed themselves to resolve from the government.Claims that constitute the true content of the reforms that need the Colombian people. If the reformist government depended, it speaks of social reforms, it is not unconditionally supporting it with independence the direct struggle and the organization for the base, as the working masses can demand and conquer their royal reaisters in such reforms.
In the difference of anarchists,-Lenin says-Marxists admit lalucha for reforms, that is, for improvements in the situation of workmen who do not injure power, leaving it as it was, in the hands of dominant laclase. But, at the same time, Marxists fight with the greatest energy reformists, which directly or indirectly circumscribe the yearnings and the activity of the working class to the reforms. Reformism is a way that the bourgeoisie has to deceive the workers, who will continue to be slaves, despite some isolated improvements, while the mastery of thecapital subsists.
That is why the Government's reformist parties, in addition to subjecting the capitalists of their shy reforms, pretend that mobilization and fight the streets be a docile instrument at the service of the government and its components with the capitalists. The working class and the engeral working masses cannot fall into that trap, which mocks their real claims and condemns them to be submissive slaves of the exploiters.Executive Committee - Communist Obrera Union(mlm)February 12, 2023
News Source: https://maoistroad.blogspot.com/2023/02/colombia-ni-el-gobierno-ni-la-mafia.html 
PC February 15-The Marxist-Leninist-Maoista MaoistoAdad Blog Royal Inempathy in the original language 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-15T12:09:00+01:00
Images: [' logoMR.jpg ']
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-15-febbraio-il-blog-marxista.html 
We impulse to the revolutionary struggle against imperialist war preparations!24/25 February 2 days of internationalist struggle 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-15T13:02:00+01:00
Images: []
-Jointying-
All imperialist countries are proclaimed defenders of freedom, democracy and world peace. Everyone takes to the pretext to fight ledittage and international terrorism. But in reality they are the worst terrorist of the world. They speak of peace but they are preparing feverly auna new world war of robbery. They strengthen the war industry. They are their arsenals. They mobilize enormous war machines with the eastern Europe. Any -year -old wars against Ipopoli of Palestine, Syria, Yemen are foment. They incite the outbreak of new wars in the Taiwan Strait, in the Korean peninsula, in the Chineseoriental Sea, on the Ukrainian border with Belarus, on the marine border between Greecee Turkey. NATO, commanded by Yankee imperialism, in Ukraine through Kiev's puppet regime, contrasts its mercenary armies, military echips, to the military force of Russian imperialism. One and the other part of the pretexts to use nuclear weapons. Inter-imperialist contradictions are exacerbated to the point that a new world war with Arminucleari is no longer only a latent danger, but an imminent risk for the existence of world society and its habitat.
Basically, the wars for the interposed person and the commercial ones incurred, the emerging commercial and military blocks, the allocation of military expenditure, the production of gigantic weapons of destruction forgiven, the modernization of the armed forces and the various types of preparations for the world war, even in the Space, demonstrate the fierce competition for economic resources and political control over the countries of Asia, Africa Eamerica Latina, including different Eastern European countries. All this indicates the intensification of inter-imperialist contradictions and the ladivision race of markets and world hegemony.But the same economic and social causes that push the imperialists to Guerredi robbery, become uninhabitable material conditions, unbearable for the gluhiavies of capital, material conditions for the rebellion of proletarians, peoples, nations and countries exploited and oppressed by the imperialist monopolies and daydesses It is up to the international communist movement to bring their revolutionary consciousness, organize and transform rebellions into a fighting journali against the common enemy: the world capitalist system of auction and exploitation.
Comrade Mao said: "He could burst the world war, and would take out revolutions, or they could burst everywhere and, allocating his strength to resist against them, for imperialism he would become impossible to undertake another warmark, however it goes, this is a 'He was of revolutions ".
It is up to the Communists to give an example of unity and internationalist struggle for preparations for a new imperialist world carnage; Combine the efforts to promote the revolutionary struggle in all countries proletarian armies against the mobilization of troops and reactionary wars weapons; Making common front with all revolutionary, anti-imperialist, democratic and environmental forces that oppose the war support of the military support of the regimens lackeys to their imperialist masters in all over the world, especially in the semi-colonial and semi-infoud countries; Reject Edensing as traitors the opportunist satrapies who, in the name of the proletariat of the peoples, support one of the imperialist factions, because they are all mortal of the oppressed and the exploited of the world; Supporting the revolutionary struggle led by the authentic Communistimarxist-Leninist-Maoisti, mainly the popular war in India alongside other popular wars in the Philippines, Turkey, Peru, which are today the avant-garde of the world proletarian revolution against imperialism and Ireationaries of national guard dogs
Imperialist capitalism is in crisis!Long live socialism and communism! 
O The revolution stops war or war will trigger the revolution! 
Proletari and peoples of the world, let's join against imperialism! 
Communist Worker Union(mlm)Colombia 
Construction Committee of the Maoist Communist Party of Galicia 
Maoist Communist Party - Italy 
Communist(maoist)Party of Afghanistan Communist Party of Nepal(Majority) 
Communist Party of Nepal(Maoist- Revolutionary) 
Red Road of Iran(maoist group) 
Proletarian Party of Purba Bangla(PBSP/Bangladesh) 
Communist Party of Switzerland(Red Faction) 
TKP-ML 
Reorganisation Communist - Brasil 

Original appeal in English 


PCI(Maoist), ICSPWI, new international mlm revew TWO-LINES STRUGGLE call fortwo international days of actions for 24/25 february against the imperialistwar and support to antimperialist struggles, people's wars in the world onbasis joint declaration 
all forces that partecipe can made texts and in all countries the form ofthe partecipation can be decided in autonomous form 
adhesion and info or 
ICSPWI adress csgpindia@gmail.com 
LET 'S DEVELOPE THE REVOLUTIONARY STRUGGLE AGAINST THE IMPERIALIST WORLDWAR PREPARATIONS! 
--DECLARATION--
All the imperialist countries proclaim to be defenders of freedom, democracyand world peace. They all pretext to fight against dictatorships andinternational terrorism. But, indeed, they are the worst te\rrorist dictatorsin the world. They speak about peace but frantically prepare for a new war ofglobal robbery. They strengthen the arms industry. They increase theirarsenals. They mobilize huge war machines mainly towards Eastern Europe. Theysponsor the already prolonged wars against the peoples of Palestine, Syria,Yemen. They are inciting the outbreak of new reactionary wars in the TaiwanStrait, on the Korean peninsula, in the East China Sea, on the Ukrainian-Belarus border, on the sea border between Greece and Turkey. NATO, commandedby Yankee imperialism, in Ukraine through the puppet regime of Kiev, confrontsits mercenary armies, weapons and military chiefs, with the military might ofRussian imperialism. Both sides concoct pretexts to use nuclear weapons. Theinter-imperialist contradictions sharpened to the point that a new nuclearworld war is no longer a latent imperialist danger, but an imminent risk forthe existence of world society and its habitat.The world imperialist system, decadent and decomposed, in its inevitable one-way march towards the grave, has unloaded on society the terrible consequencesof the increasingly acute world economic crisis, and with it, has extended anddeepened in all continents social, health and environmental crises. For theinsatiable imperialists, the monopolization and accumulation of capital at thecost of the global exploitation of social labor, the usurious export offinancial capital, the destruction of nature, the plundering of the oppressedcountries, is not enough. The crises of their system, mainly the economic one,impel the imperialists to carry out a new division of the already dividedworld. A new division that can only be achieved by economic force, financialforce, military force, the force of the world war between a few imperialistcountries in decline and others fighting for world hegemony, as a product ofthe inexorable economic law of the uneven development of the imperialistcountries.
But the same economic and social causes that push the imperialists to wars ofrobbery, become unlivable, unbearable material conditions for the slaves ofcapital, material conditions of the rebellion of the exploited proletarians,peoples, nations and countries oppressed by the monopolies and imperialistcountries. And it is up to the International Communist Movement to bring themthe revolutionary conscience, organize and transform the rebellions into arevolutionary struggle against the common enemy: the world capitalist systemof oppression and exploitation.
Com. Mao says that: 'World war may break out and revolutions may occur as aconsequence, or, revolutions may breakout everywhere and while confining itsstrength to with stand them, it may become impossible for imperialism toundertake another world war, whichever way it occurs this is as era ofrevolution'.Imperialist capitalism is in crisis!Long live Socialism and Communism!
Or the revolution stops the war or the war unleashes the revolution!
Workers and peoples of the world, unite against imperialism!
Communist Worker Union(mlm)Colombia 
Construction Committee of the Maoist Communist Party of Galicia 
Maoist Communist Party - Italy 
Communist(maoist)Party of Afghanistan 
Communist Party of India(Maoist) 
Communist Party of Nepal(Majority) 
Communist Party of Nepal(Maoist- Revolutionary) 
Red Road of Iran(maoist group) 
Proletarian Party of Purba Bangla(PBSP/Bangladesh) 
Communist Party of Switzerland(Red Faction) 

declaration supported also 
TKP-ML 
Reorganisation Communist - Brasil 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/diamo-impulso-alla-lotta-rivoluzionaria.html 
The new Brazil democracy: weekly editorial - of the reactionary programs in dispute 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: Weekly Editorial Editorial - Two reactionary programs in dispute for the writing of and 02/14/2023 3 minutes of reading ...
Time: 2023-02-15T15:47:00+01:00
Images: [' Banner-Portal13fevereiro-1536x1097.jpg ']
Editorial
Weekly Editorial - Two reactionary programs in dispute
for the writing of and
02/14/2023
3 minutes of reading
 The Government has criticized the Central Bank for setting an interest rate of 13.75%, with an inflation target of 3.25%. The Central Bank, on the other hand, has argued that the high interest rate is due to high inflation and the lasinters of the "market" - that entity, omnipresent and omnipotent, which deeted governs the economy of the country, causing the characters of the Papolitics Be mere puppets.
First, it is a sad sign of national humiliation that the Central Delpaís Bank is "independent." The supposed "independence" is, in reality, explicitly explicit to international financial capital, mainly Yankee Alcapital, which holds hegemony and, under pressure, exercises its will. The so -called "technical" economic policies that the Central Bank imposes alpaís are dictates of financial capital, which leads to a unpredictive bleeding of national wealth and the destruction of national production. Why does the government, who say committed to these tanked issues for the nation, don't change this?
The "market", the financial oligarchy, has a program for the country's economic policy: to cut all public spending to guarantee the payment of public debt, which today already represents at least 50% of the presupposition of the Union. The order is that you do it, even if it is necessary to dismant refers to the last two. The high interests of interest are a requirement of imperialism, as long as El Government does not apply "austerity policies", more aligned with the frommical fraction of the great local bourgeoisie.This is the contradiction at stake, a dispute within the dominant class classes on which program to try to boost the capitalism, for which it needs to get the economy out of the serious crisis that since 2015, swinging in the earthquake caused by its state of composition . A contradiction that already generates friction within the thunder itself, which practically has two economic, parallel and in Pugna teams: one headed by Market, president of the BNDES and aligned with bureaucratic laphraction; and another by Fernando Haddad and Simone Tebet, more aligned with the buying fraction, which seek to contain the impetus of Lula.
But the truth is that Luiz Inacio, in his calls to lower the interest rate because that compromises economic growth, does not advocate any consistent principal program. His proposal is the manida recipe for "developmentalism"(Wrapped in "popular" verbiage), with financing to the monopolies of Lagran Bourge favoring the monopoly of the economy by the imperialist capital and, most importantly, having as a allatifundio center. He has no progressive, so much that his main exponent, in the recent history of Brazil, was the ultra -reactionary general Ernestogeisel during the fascist military regime.The causes of national evils are structural. Only one transformation of the agricultural structure, the path of the Agrarian Revolution through the labor-champion alliance, can uproot them.
News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/02/a-nova-democracia-brasil-editorial_15.html 
In Tunis: Meeting on the situation of Algerian feminism but also the one at the regional level Maghrebino (Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia), and international 
Author: fannyhill
Description: Info: As partner of Communist proletarians italy The Rosa Luxembourg Foundation organized a meeting entitled in Tunis: "Algerian, from ...
Time: 2023-02-15T16:33:00+01:00
Images: [' 12febbraio.jpg ']
 Info: as a companion of communist proletarians italy 
The Rosa Luxembourg Foundation organized a meeting entitled in Tunis: "Algerian, from the national revolution to the feminist revolution", hosting historical figures of Algerian feminism: Wassyla Tamzali Lawyer and FatmaousSedik Sociologist and university professor.
Both confronted each other by highlighting agreements and differences, answering questions from the representative of the German Foundation, finally Hannorised to some questions from the public.
Many topics related not only about the situation of feminismalgerino but also the one at the regional level Maghrebino(Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia), and international.
The main question on which the two feminist militants found themselves in agreement and which represented a little the common thread of the meeting, the denunciation of a certain para-institutional feminism hegemonized on the NGO is(There has been talk continuously on the ong-process of feminism), with a consequent loss of the political and ideological centrality of the feminist movement strategy which instead folded to institutionalist logic.
For example, Tamzali touched him with his hand "from the belly of the beast" having had in female commissions within the United Nations, and has relaunched: "In Algeria the feminism is stronger than in neighboring countries", and despite this "we are now in A phase of political decline ", instead" at the beginning eravamomarxist and socialist, we had an ideology and therefore an alternative policy change, while now, even the militants in the opposition have contracted any planning ".
Fatma Oussedik for its part underlined how this "ong-process" of the Femminism, affecting the politicization of the movement, made the social relationships of sex ", who" must not be disguised from sexual ", but he reiterated, you have to Understanding the right relationship between phenomena and their material basis that produces them, deriving from the relationship relationships.The two feminists confronted each other with two partially part visions: Tamzali thinks that in Hirak two issues were not resolved for the Algeria or the question of women and the role that they are in the Algerian society and secondly the question of the wanting, While according to her: "The future of our country is linked to the women of women" in major forms than in European countries qualifrancia, Italy or Spain.
On the other hand, Fatma Oussedik expressed its disagreement on this analysis by that "in two years of hirak we have instead affirmed the existence of the feminist" despite being "an episode of our long history".
Indeed, the hirak has seen the presence of theonnas impose inside, initially opposed by some male components of the movement attex, but not retreating and continuing to affirm their presence on the path of the weekly events on Friday at the entrance of the University of Algiers 1.
Wassyla Tamzali was therefore corrected immediately after specifying that in the Hirakeran they present first of all the young people, a disruptive force that seemed to seem and that instead re -occupied the social and political scene, secondly workers through the paraistical union, in which there is a good good to be considered slice of proletarians are influenced by Islamism(And this is a contradiction with which the feminist component has also been/compared)and thirdly the feminist presence. The latter, according to Tamzali, has not translated its radicality into a radical equity even if it entered the dialectic with the Second -chief, that of the workers, also causing unpublished results: anecdote of an assembly in the square organized by the MaghrebinoUquation collective(his organization)In which a worker stopped adopting he tried to stop a girl who was speaking, the Donnelo brought the order telling him: "Fuck it and then we give you laparola". Once the microphone has been given to him, the worker broke out in tears; "Why do you cry? You have the microphone, say what you wanted to say", the worker was: "I cry because it is the first time that someone is placed to adapt to me". So the hirak has asked deep issues relating to the organization and protagonism of workers.Fatma Oussedik despite being substantially agreed, he added another element of reflection by reconnecting to the legal question, which would be more quintidovo with the "public space", now the problem with the Oussedik who in this type of company is lacking freedom also in the private space: "We don't even have the private space!" And for example, the month of Ramadhan in which on the one hand the woman in fasting is obliged to cook for the rest of the family, in addition to the infamous, a control of "everyone towards everyone" unfolds and fasting becomes an obligation.
Islamism is a complicated phenomenon and once again it is necessary to seek the identification between the superstructural phenomenon and the material structure that loproduce: Islamism also in Algeria has changed and has been modified by the downthodic of urbanization, of the mass schooling that have a reduction in Family unit, a change in diconsumo habits, a generalized commodification: all this has changed the same, their habits and ways of life.
Another theme addressed was the relationship between hirak and political planning for Algeria: the hirak claimed democracy, but democracy does not coincide with "representative democracy" or with the only practice of the elections, recalls Laoussedik: "in Hirak himself representative democracy Non -hafunction ... we were unable to elect a representative of the 'over two years, on the contrary, the Democratiapartecipivivivivivivivia democratiaparty has worked in the square of millions of people all years for two years ".
In this regard, he recalls Tamzali that on March 8, 2019, 20 million people took to the Piazza Intutta by coinciding one of the Friday Diprotesta with the International Women's Day: "How is it possible that after the day we were unable to record and a Change Algeria? ".
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/02/a-tunisi-incontro-su-la-situazione-del.html 
PC February 15: so far Stellantis/Melfi has been able to do what he wanted with the complacent unions ... and now ... 
Author: fannyhill
Time: 2023-02-15T16:55:00+01:00
Images: [' download.jpg ']

 
the cgil complaints that is aimed at institutions 
«In Basilicata at risk 11 thousand jobs, between Stellantis and induced. The dimension that the Stellantis crisis could have on families. An imposing number that could have repercussions on the productive and social entire of the Lucanian land. For this reason, today all glocchi will be focused on Rome at Mimit. On that requested table, expected evident as an opportunity to clarify the scenario and try to find.
Not all unions, however, will be sitting in front of the minister. Fiomcgil will not be there, he chose to convene a public assembly with lapartecipation of delegates and delegates from all over Italy under Ilministeria. An assembly created to reiterate that "massive use of social diammortizers with loss of salary and in some cases a non -fair working days together with the continuous reproductive stops not only sees the condition of the workers and the work worsen but throws a shadow on those that They are the investments "... the induced struggling with the crisis imposed by the cutting of the commemesse and uncertainty on the new orders. A condition that has already brought an increase in layoffs and that could lead to a rapidated shock absorbers available ...
"We ask that the Region will bring the discussion to the national aitavoli Melfi plant by starting an interlocutory phase directly with the multinational verticide before it is too late - the CGIL are still continued - it is necessary that Stellantis uses all the installed ability and guarantees investments for the transition Industriale for the relaunch of employment, but at the same time a great pianoper is needed, the production of mobility of which Basilicata must be the protagonist of the gear which we risk losing a fundamental sector for the economy ".
The complaint of the workers 
"When I started working on the line, many years ago, this of Melfi was a productive reality,"There is a colleague of mine employee who has remained almost 2 years at home because his emanation no longer existed ... someone else found himself" from the laboratory suffering the translator ". Always the same motivation. A sudden leveling of the values and skills acquired . "He did not go to the same model and friends of leaders and trade unionists remained in place. They are untouchable hypochi. "For the others, however, the job no longer existed ebisognned accepting everything. For many there was a return to the line. UnaPragrinare between stations. And here's what they found." Today we work on the only line , the oldest, while Stellantis wanted to dismantle the greatest with the union placet, is absurd ".
And again: "Everyone attached to each other. Mount the batteries by hand, unite one, without even the help of the trolleys, with physical effort and risk perla security. We have gone back over 30 years, as if the Battlesper for the rights had never been ". In summary, therefore, saving "also" quality "and working conditions" precipitated a few decades back "." Stellantis wanted to create a war between the poor, he wants to put on each other, for his purposes. And if this was the goal , he is pushing us. Exasperate us, divide us and bring us to the dismissal. Because we are inexperienced ".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-15-febbraio-finora-stellantismelfi.html 
PC February 15 - In the Chamber the decree passes against the rescue at sea of the NGOs with the signature of Mattarella, while 79 migrants die in front of the coasts of Libya 
Author: prolcomra
Time: 2023-02-15T19:42:00+01:00
Images: [' migranti%20morti%20coste%20Libia.jpg ', ' Meloni-Pintedosi-Salvini.jpg ', ' Meloni%20su%20decreto%20Piantedosi.JPG ']
Another decree law that demonstrates the fascist nature of this government 
 On the one hand, the Court of Catania declared the Decreeinterministerial Decree of the Humanity1, the majority of this black parliament of the Government of the Government, by approving laconversion in the law of this decree, centralized to the Ministry of the Policy of Rejection, prohibited the landing of the Humanity1, He strengthens the support for Libyan torturers EinasprspriscrScrScri the repression to the rescue of the NGOs.
 
 In the Chamber, the Law Decree passed with 202 votes in favor, 136 against E4 abstentions and must be converted into law by March 3. In the classroom Lega Efforza Italia have cited the former Minister of the Interior of the Democratic Party, Marco Minniti, claiming that the rule is part of the wake of his work.
The Planted decree presents itself as "urgent provisions for the management of migratory flows": the
"Management" for this racist minister is to prevent the rescue in Mare from the NGO and introduced the hypothesis of "illicit rescue"
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-15-febbraio-alla-camera-passa-il.html 
PC February 15 - Meloni Government - Bastardi government: Berlusconi acquitted and solely at 41bis! 
Author: maoist
Time: 2023-02-15T20:23:00+01:00
Images: []
On the same day today: 
Berlusconi acquitted in his practice of corrupt and corrupter pig - with the government that retires by the civil part 
so it must remain at 41 bis - says Nordio in Parliament, while Idelmastro/Donzelli can make mass of their own rules. 
Well, go on like this ... but let's go back to saying: who sows wind harvest! 
Communist proletarians/PCMITALIA 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/02/pc-15-febbraio-governo-meloni-governo.html 
About class struggle 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T59:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: The class struggle occurs in three planes: economic, political and ideological. The economic struggle fundamentally has the channel of the union, union, mutual organization, etc., of the class. The political struggle has its main expression in the party, in the struggle for power. The problems of ideology run through deep channels & Hellip;
Images: [' otto.png ']
Type: article
 The class struggle occurs in three planes: economic, political and ideological. Economic lalucha fundamentally has the channel of the trade union, union, mutual organization, etc., of the class. The political struggle has its main expression in the party, in the struggle for power. The problems of theideology run through deep and hidden channels. Suddenly a militant goes. We were discussing a group of colleagues from a fabric, who suddenly found that a partner, in the moment of technical, betrayed. We commented that case and also that of a rural leader that also surprisingly, jumped to the side, divided union organization and created a parallel union. One is faced with those facts and is surprised; He says: “How? If he is an honest man, I did not explain myself is what happens. ” But there are ideological causes that have been running a deep channel. And suddenly we discover that this man has been "touched" by the employer. Hence the importance of the party. Because the union only noring the problem of the struggle for power; and the political struggle only noring the background problem of the ideological, of the conception of the world, the way a worker faces all the complexity of the class struggle. Here is where the bourgeoisie gives its background struggle. Let us simply look at the contemporary of the soap operas that are given all the afternoons by the Argentine TV; how through them the ruling classes are modeling, carving the consciousness of the great workers and popular masses, how they are coined to focus on the problems that correspond to The ideas of the dominant classes. So the proletariat has to battle here. From Yaque only can hegemonize in this plane of society later deconested power, and not by the simple fact of conquering it, but through a deep revolutionization of society.It lacks a large extent from its own intellectuality that serves as an army to free this definitive battle of the ideological issue. Therefore, prejudiced blindness of some bourgeois intellectuals is impossible - or can only understand it as a dogmatic, authoritarian and oppressive form - the fact that the cultural revolution has begun the criticism of a play on a play, with which it was generating Opinion lacoriente favorable to the claim of Peg Tehuai, elcabecilla of the Prosoviet bourgeois line in the direction of the Chinese party.
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/sobre-la-lucha-de-clases/ 
Socially necessary work time 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T61:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We continue with the reproduction of these notes, prepared by Comrade Eugenio Gastiazoro, director of our weekly and member of the Central Committee of the PCR, recently deceased. Carlos Marx's magna work, capital, is essential to understand the functioning of modern society and face his revolutionary criticism in the struggle for a new society. It is not an easy reading work, so your study requires constancy and tenacity. For the purpose of stimulating this task, helping readers to become familiar with Marx's analysis, we continue with extracts of chapter I referring to the measurement of the value of the goods.
Description: We have seen that when the goods are exchanged, their exchange value is manifested as something totally independent of its use value. If then abstraction of the use value that work products have, the value is obtained, as we define it above. Therefore, that common something that & Hellip;
Images: [' Carlos-Marx-w.jpg ']
Type: article
 We have seen that when the goods are exchanged, their value of changes manifests as something totally independent of its use value. If there is effectively abstraction of the use value that the products have of the work, the value is obtained, as we define it above. Therefore, that common something that manifests itself in the exchange ratio or in the value of the goods is its value.(…)Therefore, a use value or a useful article has only value because Encarnao materializes human work in abstract. Now, how can we measure the lickingness of this value? Due to the amount of value creative, esdecir for the work contained in the article. But the amount of semi -duration for its duration and working time is measured, in turn, for weeks, days and hours.
Someone could say that if the value of a merchandise is determined by the work of work used in it, the more lazy and incapable it is the workman, the more value the merchandise will have because more time would be needed to produce it. Now, the work that constitutes the substance of homogeneous human work, use of a uniform work force. All work force of society, embodied in the total sum of the values of the goods produced by this society, tells as ahomogeneous force of human workforce, although it is composed of innumerable individual unnameunities. Each of these units is equivalent to the remaining ones, it has the character of average social work force and also gives the corresponding to this average social work force; That is, while to produce a merchandise, it does not consume more working time than the one that represents the necessary measure, that is, the socially needed work time. * *
We see, therefore, that what determines the magnitude of the value of an article is solola amount of socially necessary work, for its production. In this sense, we must consider each merchandise as an average sugar specimen. Therefore, goods that contain equal amounts of work oque can occur at the same time of work, have the same value. The value of a merchandise is at the value of another what the time of work is for the production of the first is at the time of work necessary for the production of the second(…)The value of a merchandise would therefore remain constant if it was also the necessary working time for its production. Now, this last changes by varying labor productivity. This productivity is determined by various circumstances; Among others, for the middle degree of workers, by the state of science and the level of practical susplications, by the social organization of production, by the volume and the effectiveness of the means of production and by the natural conditions. For example, the same amount of work as in years of goodacosecha da 8 wheat busts, only 4 in years of bad harvest. The work itself extracts from a rich mine much more metal than from a poor mine. Los Diamantes are rarely found on the surface of the Earth and Suextraction costs, on average, a lot of working time. Therefore, a small acantity represents a huge amount of work(…).
En general, cuanto mayor sea la productividad del trabajo, menor será eltiempo de trabajo requerido para la producción de un artículo, menor lacantidad de trabajo cristalizada en este artículo y menor su valor. Yviceversa, cuanto menor es la productividad del trabajo, mayor es el tiempo detrabajo exigido para la producción de un artículo y mayor su valor. El valorde una mercancía varía, pues, en razón directa a la cantidad y en razóninversa de la productividad del trabajo invertido en ella.
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-tiempo-de-trabajo-socialmente-necesario/ 
Towards the act for Natalia and for all emergency now! 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T63:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Within the framework of the 11 years of the femicide of Natalia López and the month of awareness of the course to the act that will be held on February 17, different activities are being carried out in the area by Natalia and for all, for the emergency in violence. In December, the & Hellip commission was formed;
Images: [' Actividades-por-Natalia-Berazategui.jpg ']
Type: article
 Within the framework of the 11 years of the femicide of Natalia López and the month desensitization on the way to the act that will be held on February 17, different activities in the area are carried out by Natalia and for all, by the emergency in violence.
In the month of December, the organizing commission was formed, integrated by numbers organizations, which is working intensely for the act of viens 17. There it was agreed to promote different previous days in Berazateguiy F. Varela and in the neighborhoods of Quilmes.
Thus, in Berazategui, in the pedestrian of the center of the district, companions dedicating women's, social, union and political organizations that integrated the organizing commission of the act by Natalia López, elvierns 10 were convened to carry out an open radio, a flyer and invite the act by Natalia López.
In F. Varela, also in the pedestrian, an open radio was made again, with a flyer and the participation of dozens of companions.
In Quilmes, they became flying in different neighborhoods: on the banks ofquilmes, on Sunday flyers were given taking advantage of the numerous amount of families and neighbors. On Thursday and Friday at the Triangle of Bernal and Enezpeleta, respectively, the companions of the nearby neighborhoods made a diffusion set with posters and flyers. And at the end of this edition, a march is being made through the streets of Solano and a march and radio chart in the La Matera neighborhood(Solano)The neighborhood where Natalia worked as a comomaestra.
All these days prepare us for the great act to be held on February 17 at 5:00 p.m. in the Quilmes Station Square.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/hacia-el-acto-por-natalia-y-por-todas-emergencia-ya/ 
Second trial for the femicide of Lucía Pérez 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T65:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: With a large fenced around courts in the city of Mar del Plata, on February 7 the second trial for the femicide of Lucía Pérez began. This will last 15 days and declare 50 people. The cause is entitled “Sexual abuse aggravated by the use of narcotics followed by death in & Hellip;
Images: [' Segundo-juicio-Lucia-Perez-mar-del-plata.jpg ']
Type: article
 With a wide fence around courts in the city of Mar del Plata, on February 7 the second trial for the femicide of Lucía Pérez began. This will last 15 days and declare 50 people. The cause is recorded "Sexual abuse aggravated by the use of narcotics followed by demortes in ideal contest c/femicide" occurred on October 8, 2016.
Matías Farias and Juan Pablo Offidani, as a author and participant, have a sentence prior to 8 years in prison for “narcotic narcotics for commercialization”(They sell them at the door of the school where Lucia studied), they will only be present at the beginning and in the process of the process since they requested to follow it by videoconference.
The first trial was annulled, by the misogyn and macho ruling that left unpunished of the most terrible femicides happened in our city.
The search for justice of the parents of Lucía, Marta Montero and Guillermopérez, with the accompaniment of the society mobilized with center in the women's and diversities are fundamental tools in Lalucha for the sentence of femicides. 1,000 signatures and letters from organizations, unions and institutions that achieved the Supreme Court of Justice of the Pcia of Buenos Aires ordered the jury, which will begin on March 14, to the judges Facundo Gómez Urso and Pabloviñas accused of "negligence, breach of position and partiality manifiesta"
In these days where the rape and murder of Luciapérez, 16, is being judged, the defense insists all the time with questions that make the victim be judged. A revictimizing strategy, as in the first trial.In the first week of this new trial, there was a broad participation around the Marplatean courts, demanding justice and showing one more than when they touch us all touch us.
The Ministry of Women placed Gazebos in front of courts there are colorful of the flags, photos and posters of justice. And from Tuesday, February 14, Lucia would turn 23 years old, we can also see the color of the caps for Lucia ”; Almost as a symbol that the dream of achieving justice and ending femicides is in ourmen, which linked to strength to continue fighting.
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/segundo-juicio-por-el-femicidio-de-lucia-perez/ 
We work for a single meeting, massive and democratic 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T67:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: "The challenge is to gather the great movement of women and feminisms of Argentina," said Claudia Quiroga, one of the spokespersons democratically elected by the Organizing Commission of the Plurinational Meeting of Women and Disidences 2023. This year's objective is not only to unify the calls , that last year they were divided into San Luis, but & Hellip;
Images: [' Bariloche-comision-organizadora-36-Encuentro.jpg ']
Type: article
 "The challenge is to reunify the great movement of women and feminisms of Argentina," said Claudia Quiroga, one of the democratically chosen spokespersons for the organizing commission of the Plurinational Meeting of Women and Disidencies 2023. This year's objective is not only to unify the consciousness, which the year the year The past they divided into San Luis, but to unite the "multiple agendas and themes" that go through us as women and feminisms, he postulated.
The member of the Pro Meeting of Women's Commission, who participated in the event in the organizing commission of the meeting in the year 1999 and in 2011 in Bariloche, spoke at the launch that was held this Thursday, February 9 at a press conference at the center at the center Civic of that ciudadandina.
It was an important group of women and dissidents, which confirmed the laryization of the 36 Plurinational Meeting of Women, Lesbians, Transvestis, Trans, Bisexuals, Intersexuals and No Binaries next 14, 15 and 16 Deoctubre in Bariloche(Black river), after five plenary meetings of organizing lacomision, which has been taking steps in the organization.
Claudia highlighted the history of the meetings and defended the pillars that allowed the construction of a unique event in the world for 35 years Enargentina. This 2023, the autonomous, self -managed, self -financed, pluralistic, horizontal, democratic and federal character, will be the ones that will mark the 36 -end.
Debora Vera, one of the Mapuche women arrested and repressed on October 4 in Villa Mascardi, participated as a guest of the conference. “Our Address, beyond the freedom of the Machi, is the return of the Rewe. We will return to our territory. We talk about a Usurpation of the Mapuche territory, ”he said.
In full formation of the Organizing Commission, they invited massively amujeres and members of the dissident groups to join Las plenarias to build this meeting that aims to be an appointment for “hundreds Demiles” throughout the country. In the next few days, work with the declarings of interest in different government agencies and enreunions with authorities of all levels are started.
"What time, what moment, despite everything we will do the encounter," he said strongly to close an active call with participation of local and regional media, and tourists who went through the place.Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/trabajamos-por-un-solo-encuentro-masivo-y-democratico/ 
The PTP on the front of all Trelew 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T69:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: In the offices of the Provincial Justicialist Party in Rawson, also the headquarters of the Front of All Trelew, the full incorporation of the PTP (Labor Party and the Chubut People) was signed. We propose the common objectives of joining the popular Chubutenses forces in the fight against the reactionary right and Gorilla de Massoni in & Hellip;
Images: [' PTP-trelew-en-el-Frente-de-Todos.jpg ']
Type: article
 In the offices of the Provincial Justicialist Party in Rawson, the Front of All Trelew also signed, the full incorporation of the PTP was signed(Labor and Chubut Party Party)the same.
We propose the common objectives of joining the Chubutense popular forces in the fight against the reactionary right and Gorilla de Massoni in Trelew in the municipal elections of April 16. We face judicial persons and causes against social and popular organizations and militants such as attacks on the CCC and its leaders, driven from macrismo and its repressive judicial apparatus.
Unity necessary to advance in the fight for land, roof, work, health, public education and national sovereignty. Causing the crisis to be paid by the powerful interests that our resources are carried out and not the Chubutesea people through treatment in the provincial legislature of the Chubut tax law presented in August of 2022, how to stop the urgent needs of the people.
We appreciate a fraternal greeting the members of the Front of AllTrelew for the cordiality and frank exchange for the sake of a decent future parathodes the Chubutenses.
They signed the PTP incorporation certificate at the front of all Trelew El Compañero Luis Maglio, attorney for the front of all Trelew and Marcelo Barab, president of the PTP Chubut, along with fellow Ángel Samite, also of the PTPCHUBUT.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-ptp-en-el-frente-de-todos-trelew/ 
The Chaco PTP chose its authorities 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T71:00:00-04:00
Head Description: On a successful day, the Labor and People party elected provincial party authorities.
Description: The same was held on Saturday, February 4 at the Hall of the Central Club Norte de Resistencia. Rodolfo Schwartz, current provincial deputy for the party in the front of all, made a detailed political balance and analysis of the challenges that are expected for this new period, given a very complex international situation, National & Hellip;
Images: [' Congreso-del-PTP-de-Chaco.jpg ']
Type: article
 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-ptp-del-chaco-eligio-sus-autoridades/ 
Ana Flores present! 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T73:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Four years have passed, Ana, from your departure on 15-2-2019 and we missed you the same as the day you left. We miss that girl who put her effort at the service of the working class. That when the dictatorship arrived, he did not hesitate to provide his ability to fight the mothers of Plaza de Mayo, & Hellip;
Images: [' Ana-Flores-1.jpg ']
Type: article
 Four years have passed, Ana, from your departure on 15-2-2019 and we missed you lomism that you left.
We miss that girl who put her effort to the service of Laclase Workers. That when the dictatorship arrived, he did not hesitate to provide his ability to fight the mothers of Plaza de Mayo, contributing to his organization Enquilmes.
We also miss those who joined the Long Street, contributing to the debatecultural from the firmness of its ideology. To which he never claudicated, neither in the theater of ideas nor that of practice.
And we not only miss you. We thank you for comrade, firmness, sensitivity, tenacity and commitment to the country and with the people.
For all this we always remind you, making our legacy that you brown us and that continues to show us the way to victory.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/ana-flores-presente-3/ 
Norma Monti: a life story tied to the PCR 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T75:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: At 85, Monti leaves us, staying an immense vacuum in our hearts, because she is and will be one of those comrades difficult to replace. With 28 years, she lived in the Berisso settlement (when the neighborhood was a bass full of water, which was flooded with each rain), alone and with her & Hellip of her;
Images: [' Norma-Monti-de-Berisso.jpg ']
Type: article
 At 85, Monti leaves us, staying an immense vacuum in our corazones, because she is and will be one of those difficult comrades to repeat.
With 28 years, she lived in the Berisso settlement(When the neighborhood was a low water, which was flooded with each rain), alone and with their 5 children, everything was missing. In 1966 she began working at the Swift refrigerator. With the job of a pyrqueadora in section 65 of Picada, the meat was divided from 5 in the morning until two in the afternoon every day. All those hours passed in an intense cold. "We worked on some platforms, Porabajo passed the water, blood and rot," he once told our world.
As a poor worker, he suffered the lack of respect from his superiors and as a woman, just like his factory companions, all kinds of harassment and macho extortions: "If you don't want them to throw you away, I wait for you in the corner" they repeated their foremen.
"They were tables of 4 women, they asked for production, 25 kilos jars that you had for an hour, you had to be a machine."
At the door of the factory he met the PCR teammates and there he learned to be with others and others who suffered like her and go out to fight was the camino to rebel against so many injustices and conquer more dignified lighting conditions. "They paid us very little, it was a misery, we went out to Lacalle, we struggled for the rights we would have to have," he told us.
The process of struggle of meat workers marked the History of the PCR in the area. Directed by Jacinto Roldán, the Zonaldiscutía Committee the political center and who were the reference for the entire area of the area, capable of joining the peasants and the student of the region.
The experience of Smata Córdoba was latent with René Salamanca and Godyálvarez. Here it was said that the proletariat of the flesh was late, denying that in Berisso he had given birth on October 17, 1945.
Very hard times came, the murders, more than 50 detainees, the fight with the antigolpist position and then against the dictatorship. Much pain. Was it possible to face the most bloody dictatorship, or had it to be stored or signed?With Jacinto Roldán they argued a lot. "I can't be a delegate, I don't know how to read and write," he said. "But to be a delegate, you must first be a good companion, that is the condition," he replied.
Norma was a delegate chosen by her companions for a lot of time. And he learned to read and write with the PCR newspaper, New time .
"We all have all" repeated again and again, a woman full of devalented, in the talks with the youngest comrades. And it is that Estamujer was a little more than most of us, an example worthy of imitating every fighter woman.
"They were the military, they could leave you without work, because they threw you off and if they did not erase you," he told us, that we can hardly imply what it was like to fight at that time.
At that time, next to Maria, another partner; He hid the flywheel from his underwear to distribute them inside the factory. But in addition he had to learn to smoking so as not to raise suspicions in the time, they gave them 15 minutes to go to the bathroom, and thus hit the flyers in the bathrooms of all sections of the refrigerator.
The national women's meetings came, there it was. The route cuts, with the MIJP and the CCC, there it was. The unit with the shipyard and there was.
His great love and gratitude towards the party made him notice in each conversation: "Everything I say, I always invoke the PCR, which have helped me in everything, both in food in the toughest moments, as well as in friendship."
Norma was wrapped in the red flag of the game and as Lacamarada Yiya said when he dedicated some farewell words: "His best legacy, that of Norma Monti, was a flag, the PCR and the revolution."
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/norma-monti-una-historia-de-vida-atada-al-pcr/ 
Solidarity with the Kurdish, Sirius and Turkish peoples 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T77:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: We express our most fervent solidarity with the Kurdish, Syrian and Turkish peoples for the tragedy suffered with the three earthquakes of February 6, 2023 and that will affect much of the Kurdish communities in that area leaving tens of thousands of dead and injured. And as always, those who suffer most are & Hellip;
Images: [' Siria.-Foto-de-Medicos-sin-fronteras-1.jpg ']
Type: article
 We express our most fervent solidarity with the Kurdish, Sirius Yturco peoples for the tragedy suffered with the three earthquakes of February 6, 2023 and that affects a large part of the Kurdish communities in that area left of the length of thousands of deaths and injured.
And as always, the ones who suffer the most are the poorest, displaced and appressed peoples, since to the conditions of a very cold and raw winter, dozens of buildings that collapsed having been built as seismic enzymes have been built without complying with the indispensable requirements of security.
The widest international solidarity with peoples that in addition to suffering the persecution of the Turkish reactionary government of Erdogan, or the Civil Afratricid war in Syria headed by Assad, suffer from these natural catastrophes.
Jacinto Roldán Secretary General, Irene Alonso International Relations of the PCR of Argentina 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/solidaridad-con-los-pueblos-kurdo-sirio-y-turco/ 
PCR: The Revolutionary Political Party of the proletariat 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T79:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We reproduce the first part of the introduction to the PCR program, approved in its 13th Congress, held in October 2022.
Description: The Revolutionary Communist Party of Argentina is the Revolutionary Political Party of the proletariat, the superior form of its class organization. It is its avant -garde detachment, the national detachment of a class that is international, composed of the best children of the working class and the people. It sits fundamentally in the industrial proletariat & Hellip;
Images: [' PCR.jpg ']
Type: article
 The Revolutionary Communist Party of Argentina is the proletariat political party, the superior form of its organization declass. It is its avant -garde detachment, the national detachment of a class that is international, composed of the best children of the working class and Elpueblo. It sits fundamentally in the industrial proletariat and its mission to direct the proletariat and the popular masses in the revolutionary struggle its enemies: imperialism, landowners and the intermediate bourgeoisie, with the aim of conquering the power to perform democratic-popular, agricultural and anti-imperialist larger on the interruption of socialism; thus opening the way to our final goal, the socially exploiters or exploited: communism. The theory that guides the revolutionary theory of the proletariat: Marxism-Leninism-Maoism.
The PCR was born on January 6, 1968, in rupture with the Communist Party, expressing the need for the working and popular revolutionary struggle of having an avant -garde party in our country. The PC could no longer be, because their direction, although it was proclaimed "communist" had betrayed the theory of Marx and Lenin and had replaced it with revisionism(We call revisionism to the abandonment of the fundamental principles delmarxismo-Leninism-Maoism, which denies its doctrine to justify political opportunity). Había abandonado la línea de hegemonía proletaria porel oportunismo político. Había abandonado las banderas del clasismorevolucionario y negaba la lucha armada como vía para la revolución; habíainjuriado al Che Guevara y resultó cómplice de las fuerzas que lo abandonaronen 1967 en Bolivia.
El PCR nació encabezando la lucha contra la dictadura de Onganía, y desdeentonces, estuvo siempre a la cabeza del combate obrero y popular.
Since the foundation of the party in 1968, with the line of proletarian hegemony in the revolution, we move forward with the oppressed and exploited masses. That unit, in particular with the Peronist masses, has also been forged with the blood of blood of revolutionary communists killed, arrested , kidnapped, tortured and imprisoned, mainly in Lalucha against the coup d'etat of 1976 and during the years of dictaduramilitary. They are part of those who, throughout Argentine history, have offered their lives in defense of the interests of the working class, of the Page and the Homeland.
The revolution in Argentina is necessary to resolve the acroblems that live the working class and the people. A revolution that releases the nation from the dependence of imperialism, ends with the estate through agrarian reform and open the path to socialism.
Our goal enlightens the practice of hundreds of millions of men and women who made the revolution and built socialism. Russian Larevolution, China, Cuban and other triumphant revolutions signified a gigantic leap in the history of mankind and suspenders are of universal validity.
We are supporters of the uninterrupted revolution and in stages, as a sign. And we rely on the contributions of Mao Tsetung on the character of Larevolution in colonial, semicolonial and dependent countries.The communist society will be governed by the motto: of each one, according to SUCAPACIA, to each according to their needs. 
Marx discovered that between the capitalist society and the communist society there is the period of revolutionary transformation of the first in Lasagunda, to which a political period of transition corresponds, whose state cannot be another than the revolutionary dictatorship of the proletariat. Lenin called the socialism or first stage of communism, a period of struggle "between defeated capitalism, but not annihilated, and communism already born, but still weak."
Socialism is guided by the principle formulated by Marx: “of each one of its capacity, to each according to their work” , resolving in a democratic way, centralized and planned, the magnitude and characteristics of common social deliver to sustain and expand the production and to cover socially determined needs(full occupation, housing, education, health, retirements, etc.). Esta primera etapa del comunismo abarcará toda unaépoca histórica y será inevitablemente un período de lucha de clases de unencarnizamiento sin precedentes, revistiendo formas agudas nunca vistas y, porconsiguiente, el Estado de este período debe ser un Estado democrático denuevo tipo (For proletarians and dispossessed in general)AND DICTATORIAL NEW TYPE(Against the bourgeoisie).
Ya en 1915 Lenin se refirió a este tema y en 1918 advirtió: “En todarevolución profunda, lo normal es que los explotadores, que durantebastantes años conservan de hecho sobre los explotados grandes ventajas,opongan una resistencia larga, porfiada y desesperada … El paso delcapitalismo al comunismo llena toda una época histórica. Mientras esta épocahistórica no finalice , los explotadores siguen inevitablemente abrigandoesperanzas de restauración, esperanzas que se convierten en tentativas derestauración” (Lenin: The proletarian revolution and the renegade Kautsky). 
Hoy N° 1950 15/02/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/pcr-el-partido-politico-revolucionario-del-proletariado/ 
Dependence and estate 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T81:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We reproduce some of the dragees published in our weekly, which were prepared by our comrade Otto Vargas, general secretary of the PCR who died on February 14, 2019.
Description: Dependency and landowner The development of our country has historically been deformed and locked by imperialist domination and landowner property in the countryside. This structure and policies of the ruling classes are the cause of unilaterality and disarticulation of productive and particular development of the national industry; of the & Hellip;
Images: [' otto-vargas-.jpg ']
Type: article
 Dependency and estate 
The development of our country has historically been deformed and locked by imperialist domination and landowner property in the countryside. This structure and the policies of the ruling classes are the cause of unilaterality and the disarticulation of productive development and in particular of the national industry; of the superxploitation, unemployment, hunger and poverty in general. Reality that contrasts with the country's riches and the informed possibilities to achieve an independent integral development.
Variety of forms 
“If it reflects in this story of the struggle of the proletariat for power, complicated, impregnated, prolonged, rich by the extraordinary variety of forms and for the unusual abundance of abrupt changes, turns and transitions of a form of struggle to another, the Error of those who want to "participate in bourgeois parliaments, in the union unions, in the Tsarist Committees ... of workers' delegates or in the factory advice, etc., etc. This error is due to the revolutionary inexperience of sinceries, convinced and heroic of the object class…. "However, the error remains a mistake and it is necessary to criticize it, it is bitter to fight to correct it." v. I. Lenin . October 1919.
To take into account 
Do not hit too many enemies at the same time(…)Hitting everyone at once seems very revolutionary but, in reality, it causes a lot of damage. Maotsetung. Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/dependencia-y-latifundio-3/ 
The tension between the United States and China grows 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T83:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 4, the US armed forces knocked down a Chinese globe that flew over the country. They did it on the Atlantic, in their territorial waters, with a missile fired from an F-22 plane. Then they recovered parts of the remains from the sea. The White House spokeswoman, Karine Jean-Pierre, declared that these are & Hellip;
Images: [' Estados-Unidos-derriba-globo-chino.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 4, the US armed forces knocked down a Chinese globe flying over the country. They did it on the Atlantic, in their waterterritorial, with a missile fired from an F-22 plane. Then recover the sea parts of the remains.
The White House spokeswoman, Karine Jean-Pierre, declared that these balloons are part of a fleet, developed for surveillance operations, and that previously Chinese balloons were sighted in several countries of the Cincontinent.
The American president Joe Biden congratulated the F-22 and the Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin said that: “President Biden and his team will always give priority to the security of the people who are eaten and will effectively respond to the unacceptable violation of our obey part of the People's Republic of China ”.
China immediately protested by the demolition of the globe and accused the US of "reacting clearly disproportionate" and "incuring a severe violation of international practices. China expresses its strong counterant and protest against the use of force by the United States to attack an unmanned civil aircraft, ”said the Chinese Foreign Ministry on a unchanged and added that“ the right to give more answers ”will be reserved.
The Chinese Government also confirmed on February 6 that the globe detected by the Latin American countries(Colombia, Costa Rica and Venezuela)It is also yours.
This caused Antony Blinken, the US Secretary of State, canceled a Beijing trip, the first of a Secretary of State since October 2018. The purpose of preventing tensions between China and the US to an open conflict.
Indeed, beyond the Ukraine War, the US - China is tense more and more, for the rearma The objective of stopping international seraguas, where a huge international trade passes, for Chinese waters.
Write Alicia Sourges 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/crece-la-tension-entre-estados-unidos-y-china/ 
Human Rights Mission in Peru 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T85:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Between February 7 and 13, a solidarity mission against repression and institutional violence was in Peru. Representatives of various social, union, political and human rights organizations participated, in order to account for the situation that the Peruvian people are living from the institutional crisis unleashed after the & Hellip;
Images: [' Organizaciones-de-derechos-humanos-en-Peru.jpg ']
Type: article
 Between February 7 and 13, a solidarity mission was in Peru against Larestrupión and institutional violence. Representatives are participating social, union, political and human rights organizations, in order to account for the situation that the Peruvian people are living from the institutional crisis unleashed after the coup and imprisonment of President Pedro Castillo.
The delegation was composed, among others, by the national deputies Federico Fagioli and Juan Marino, leaders of social movements such as Juregrabois(MTE), María José Cano, director of the Department Rights of the Peoples of CTA A, Marianela Navarro(FOL), Ramiro Gueber(The dignity), ElsArdote Néstor Juárez, Pablo Garciarena(Xumek)and Fernando Almejún Deliberpueblo.
From Peru, Almejún reported a series of interviews with organizations as the CGT and the CUT of Peru, unions, social organizations, deputies, officials of the Ombudsman's Office and relatives of victims of larcer.
In addition to marches in Lima, where the mission was deployed between column lacabecera and police officers.
Liberpueblo's partner told, in addition to verifying the immense deployment, of the large number of complaints, of murders and injured by the police, detained without complying with the "due process", sexual aggressions to women, among other violations of the human rights.
The mission was going to submit a report around the trip.
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/mision-de-derechos-humanos-en-peru/ 
Earthquakes in Turkey and Syria 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T87:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 6 Turkey and Syria suffered two great earthquakes. The earthquakes hit several cities, and the Kurdish people have been one of the most affected. So far more than 30,000 dead are reported, and more than 100,000 injured. The excavation works will surely raise those figures, since & Hellip;
Images: [' Terremoto-en-Turquía.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 6 Turkey and Syria suffered two great earthquakes. The matters hit several cities, and the Kurdish people have been one of the most affected. So far more than 30,000 dead are reported, and more than 100,000 injured. The excavation works will surely raise those figures, since they collapsed completely more than 13,000 buildings. Despite the great magnitude of earthquakes, experts claim that buildings constructed in a correct way should have standing.
The corruption of the Turkish government Mata 
Turkey is in an area that suffers earthquakes frequently, because it is where tectonic plates constantly collide with each other under the parties of the park. The human being learned to dominate nature in this regard, and escape from building buildings that do not fall. But for this we must follow strict protocols, which have to be continuously monitored. The Turkish state, with the fascist Dictator Recep Tayyip Erdogan at the head, systematically devoted himself to receiving bribes to forgive that these protocols do not secume. Especially during electoral periods.
It impacts seeing the contrast between intact buildings next to the ruins of the workflows collapsed by the tremor. There is no better explanation to see the effects of the extension of a type of “cheap” construction of the Erdogan era. Everything indicates that the collapsed buildings were built with concrete syntic seismic reinforcement.
In Turkey there are amnesties("legal" coimas)where the construction companies to avoid complying with the construction codes, which applied 1960. The agency responsible for enforcing the deconstruction codes acknowledged that more than half of all horn constructions - about 13 million buildings - benefited from these amnesties and do not meet the necessary requirements to be safe.
Days before the earthquake, it was reported that the partner approval of a bill that would grant a new amnesty for recent construction works was pending.Before the 2018 elections. The Erdogan government launched the "policy of the construction of peace", as an electoral blackmail. Architects had been communicated that legalized the construction of insecure properties for sectors. But corruption is seen everywhere: even the modern buildings, publicized as insurance, fell during the earthquake.
Argentina, as part of international solidarity, sent a humanitarian help team to work together with the Turkish agency for the management of Destres
The Leninist Marxist Party of Turkey/Kurdistan said: “The construction industry is one of the main economic pillars of Erdogan's regime. They do not care at all the security of the people, Porses never worried about meeting antisismic standards in the constructions. But while we are healing wounds and crying our women, we will fight even stronger against this state of exploitation, gain and looting, destruction and death. Now is the time to exercise the strongest solidarity, which keeps us alive and heals our wounds. We dissemin In a large region ”,
For its part, the Kurdistan -free women's movement in Latin America affirmed “the main victims of this disaster are, as always, and the tops, those displaced, which both in Kurdistan, and in Syria and Turkey, not only have suffered under The debris but will suffer the different consequences of destruction in the middle of a cold and hard winter ... we call solidarity. You can make a donation to the Redista Kurdistan crescent, NGO that works in the territory directly with the population. ”
Write Rodrigo Cruz 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/terremotos-en-turquia-y-siria/ 
Peru: A long breath fight 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T89:00:00-04:00
Head Description: Interview with Mariana Paredes, of the Women's Movement for the Social Liberation of Peru, which among its slogans proposes: For the resignation of Dina Boluarte!Down the state of emergency decreed by the usurper government!By a sovereign and popular constituent assembly, they all leave!Criminal sanction for those responsible for crimes against humanity!
Description: The companion, from Lima, begins telling that “the situation now is complicated, because this crisis is not a recent situation. We come with great political instability. In these six years that should have been of a presidential period, there have been six presidents, including Dictator Boluarte. Mobilizations have been happening, some very & Hellip;
Images: [' Perú.jpg ']
Type: article
 The companion, from Lima, begins by telling that “the situation now is complicated, because this crisis is not a recent situation. We come with a political instability. In these six years that should have been a presidential Period, there have been six presidents, including the dictator. The mobilizations are happening, some very important, but we are realizing that there is a circle. When the Merino resignation [former Peruvian president who spent five days in office, in November 2020], there was a due time effervescence, just like a few weeks ago. With the resignation Demerino already began the slogans by the Constituent, which is the designer that people are raising right now.
“We are not only looking for the resignation of Dina but, we are also exigning that the board of directors of the Congress be changed, which is called aelections this year and that in those elections it is called a referendum constituent, since the bourgeoisie is rooted [packed} in that it does not know how The impoverished peoples.
"An also important element in this struggle is what is known as‘ Abimael Elfantasma ’, that of the terrorism of the ‘80, with which from the repressive force they seek to involve any social fighter as a scenarist."
Paredes states that in the mobilizations of recent times “the most sectors that have been participating are the most impoverished sectors in the field. It is not a struggle of the big cities. While the CGTP Central Central drives the struggles and strikes, a topic is that only 4% of the workers are unionized. That is why it is seen that the struggle is not of a specific organization, but that it is more than one confluence of systematic capitalities that has been holding for many years.
"People who these days are mostly mobilized are peasants and rural proletariat that are within agro -export companies. Students are also supporting the mobilizations with theirfederations, women in rural areas."We took the opportunity to consult Mariana for the situation of women in Peru, and he told us: “I have a military in a women's organization. We see that our crisis situation continues to exist. Violence against women has stopped. In the month of January of this year, 13 women have been killed. It is a growing problem.
“Unfortunately, the Ministry of Women is totally serving Dina Boluarte, even saying that Dina suffers from Machismo by Sermujer. The Boluarte herself has gone to say that they let her work, because she is the first president of Peru, because she brings the changes, but we say she is not the first president, but is the first dictator ofpaís. This is important to mention because they take this careful situation. But she is a woman who has reached this position thanks to the bourgeoisie, the working people did not take her. ”
"2023 is a critical year for Peru" 
We consult our interviewee about what are the sectors of the dominant Las Classes that are behind the coup d'etat and the current government. We talk about a bourgeoisie that is intermediary Yankee imperialism. This is the one that abounds in Lima, the one that has the apparatus of power, in the media and in Congress. Estaburguesia is the one who has been promoter of this blow to Castillo and the one who finds Boluarte to be president. It is no accident that in previous days Algolpe received the visit of the USAID [acronym in English of the United States Agency for International Development]. We all know that USAIDS an organization of the United States embassy. The United States ambassador itself has presented multiple times in the Government Palace.
“It must be taken into account that 2023 is a critical year for Peru, since several contracts, both in the mining and gas sectors, that the Chinese managed. We say that these situations show that they continue to take our country, as to many Latin American countries, such as the rear patio, both of Chinese imperialism and of imperialism andanqui. We also have to mention the intermediary bourgeoisie that is in the field, in the provinces, a provincial bourgeoisie that is dedicated to trade and small agro -exporters, landowners, which is a bourgeoisie linked to Chinese imperialism. ”Finally, we ask our interviewee his opinion about CoMmoson the perspectives of the popular struggle against dictatorship in Peru: “Thesemovilizations, whom we are in Lima, put great challenges, because we have to hold all the organizations that come from the provinces to here. The expression "I had to come here" became popular in Undebate between Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Castillo, when Keiko said "I had to be here", when I went to Cajamarca debate. And we take this expression, the peasant and rural populations, which have had to come by, for centralism and because here there are all the powers of the State.
In the struggles in the cities, we cannot achieve our claims, we have to come to Lima. Because there is a total racist, discriminatory politics, with all the evils of capitalism, which we live here.
We know that it is a long -breath fight. Because although Dina renounces, if I do not call the referendum or elections this year, even if it is numbed by spread, another social outbreak will return. Because we consider that it is a long -awareness that it expired. It is the constitution of the dictatorship and bydignity we should not even continue to have it, it is a long struggle that we have suffered.
There are more than 60 dead for repression, and every day there is a new one. These women do not move the ruler we have today, and they are the picnas flags who are fighting every day. We see that in the country the fight is ahead of breath, because things are not going to solve only with the resignation of Dedina. There are many other claims that we are demanding, ”concludes Lacompañera Paredes.
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/peru-una-lucha-de-largo-aliento/ 
"No teacher under the poverty line" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T91:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 7 there was an important mobilization of teachers in Plaza Independencia, which coincided with government meetings with the teaching unions of the province. The newly constituted Front Teacher composed of: ATEP, UDT and SADOP (private teachers) and in the other: AMET and APEM. & HELLIP participated in the government. & Hellip;
Images: [' Tucuman-Docentes-Plaza-Independencia.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 7 there was an important mobilization of teachers in Plaza Independencia, which coincided with the Government meetings with the different guilds of the province. From the meetings with the Government, the RECEPORY CONFORMED BART TEACHER INTEGRATED BY: ATHEP, UDT AND SADOP(particular teachers)and in the other: Amet and Apem.
In the meetings the Government heard the proposals of the guilds, which revolved from the salary and working conditions. ATEP(Brito)He stated that "no teacher is under the poverty line", increased ranking "because there are teachers who are 40 years old and charge as a 25 -year -old" among other issues.
Free ticket for teaching, school in conditions, title and other topics were also requested.
He stayed for another meeting on February 13 where he was expected to govern his salary proposal.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/ningun-docente-bajo-la-linea-de-pobreza/ 
"Young people build our future" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T93:00:00-04:00
Head Description: The camp, the sixth they do, worked between February 6 and 10 in Villa Gesell, and was entirely organized by the CCC Youth Management Board of the area. About 300 young people from the neighborhoods of La Plata participated.
Description: As young people say in the face of the CCC of La Plata. This camp was completed “with a lot of effort to put weight to weight, organizing to solve food, recreation, political discussion and our formation. So many times we listen to barbarities against the young people of the deep neighborhood, so many times stigmatize & Hellip;
Images: [' Campamento-JCCC-La-Plata-2023.jpg ']
Type: article
 As young people say in the face of the CCC of La Plata. This camp said “with a lot of effort to gather weight to weight, organizing to stand the food, recreation, political discussion and our formation. We are timely listening to barbarities against the young people of the neighborhood of the neighborhood, so many times they stigmatize us and close the doors the doors for how it is for our roots. This camp is an expression that wealth we build our future and decided that country we would like to have, with the possibility of finishing our studies, working and building our family. We make our fight by land, roof and work ”.
Ramiro "Vasco" Berdesegar, coordinator of the CCC Platense and leader of the PCR, told us that “last year, at the closing of the camp in Chascomús, they thirsty for knowing the sea, because more than 90% of those who participated did not They knew. Relations with the Front Detodos were key, through which we managed to lend us a Rugby Club Gestell, more in the midst of the trial for the murder of Fernando Báez Sosa. Tanto the municipality as the Villa Gesell Rugby Club showed the other expensive. That is a sport that has a social purpose, and that opens the doors to the burns they have.
"It is a unique experience that strengthens us as an organization, and we reaffirm the work in youth, which we do not have it armed in all neighborhoods. Because there are discussions and different conceptions about work among Juds. If they can make their decisions for themselves, whether they have to be the kids of the greats, whether or not they can discuss the political situation. All those debates we condense them in a concrete practice, which clearly demonstrates the ability they have. They are young people who had a leading role in struggles against the end of the year adjustment.
“These kids and kids arrive with all their dramas, consumption, addictions, gender violence, dramas that are exacerbated in the neighborhoods with the loud. Not having the right to eat every day, to dress. Young people who have queabandonar the school to go to make changas and help the family, so that brothers can continue studying.“In the camp they ratified participating with everything in the day of 15, to which they go with a specific program, with a center in the needs for the classes of classes. A steering table was reaffirmed. The road of Lalucha for emergencies, from within the front of all, to face a rejection right that wants to rule by the hand of Macri Ysus henchmen.
“The weight of Milei was also discussed in youth, and that we have to adbeatir with the kids in each neighborhood, as it was said in the camp, show how Milei is the disheveled version of Cavallo, and for that reason the history. All the discussion in the workshops was made on the basis of a guide that young people took out.
“It was a very moving experience. The first day, when they met the sea, it will be in the memory of all of them and all of us. We arrive at Latarde, with the half chopped sea, red flag. But they ran, the sea was referred to and re -entered, with a collective happiness, which the companion who coordinates, that happiness that makes you know that the formations are in the background, and that for that a JCR is needed and a game that those changes fight those changes In the background, ”says the Basque.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/los-jovenes-construimos-nuestro-futuro/ 
"The poor peasantry is in emergency" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T95:00:00-04:00
Head Description: The companion Albina Videz, president of Asoma, national leader of the PCR and the National Peasant Federation, tells us about the fighting day that was held at the exit of this edition.
Description: The companion Albina told us that “on February 15, the FNC made a national day of protest, because there is a great concern in the productive sector, both in La Plata and at the national level, with the issue of inflation. “We are quite punished with the issue of rentals and & Hellip;
Images: [' La-FNC-en-la-marcha-7-de-agosto-2021.jpg ']
Type: article
 The companion Albina told us that “on February 15, the FNC we make a national protest, because there is a great concern at the productive selector, both in La Plata and at the national level, with the issue of inflation.
“We are quite punished with the theme of rentals and the subsections of inputs, because everything we use for production is direct, so it becomes more difficult to buy a seed. Now we are also suffering the issue of whirlpool , that beforehand. And now they pass and lift your winter and throw them away. Buy today a nylon leaves 48,000/50,000 pesos that it reaches for a quarry, a clarode six furrows, and in tomato it reaches for two tomato loins. It becomes more and more difficult.
“The drought is also affecting us a lot, it is a very complicated year. Bajómucho the water napa, there are a lot of producers who make new perfroration or have to go down one or two more pipes. A new perforation is 500 thousand pesos only drilling, without talking about having to compose a larger bomb. Today the perforations that are being made 65/70 meters to reach the Puelche.
“Many do not have that money, they are leaving, they are not being able to give the change of the pump, or make a new perforation. That is one of the recognition we have too. Already in November of last year we made a adjorme on Route 2. While the province attended us, then it took several credit lines, but the requirements they put are quite bourocratic, which do not allow us to access immediate help. We need immediate help that allows us to sow or solve the problem of the bomb to continue producing. But so far we could not respond, so we also ask on that day that can attend us, and unfortunately, they did not receive us.
“Today the sector is nationally emergency. We have colleagues who raisevas, sheep. For drought the animals are dying. They received the main producers of soy, wheat. I believe that we also deserve that the Government can receive us and give us today to help to continue, because today the concern is how it will be the season, and our production lowered the amount that was known to produce behind. Claims of the day of 15 
The Videz companion summarizes the points of the day: “We need a significant subsidy to be able to sow again in the winter season and that is emphasized to discuss the issue of access to the Earth. Because for example, in the area, from the province of Buenos Aires, 30 decrédito lines were opened, but none allows us to buy a piece of land.
“What we need is to free ourselves from that slavery than the real estate agrochemicals, because we work for them. Then we live badly, we produce in a slave way and need to free ourselves, to free our families, not to live in a house with a pool, we need to produce and decide. We need soft chronicles for machinery, supplies for production and access to party. Because a part is abandoning production, and what advances are real estate businesses for urbanization, not to make popular neighborhoods, but for country and private neighborhoods.
“Another claim is that the purchase of our production by the Ministry of Social Development is renewed and expanded. We know that from Development seabas with vegetables to prisons, hospitals and dining rooms. We need that purchase be made directly from the State to the small producers. ”
Finally, Albina remembers that on the day of 15(When this edition leaves the street), “The FNC was mobilized jointly with the CCC, Autonomous CTA, Rural October, Rural MTE and others to be confirmed. Nationally, the activities are carried out in each place, and we have summoned all the organizations that are added. ”
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-campesinado-pobre-esta-en-emergencia/ 
"Although they persecute us we will continue marching" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T97:00:00-04:00
Head Description: In the midst of the 1F struggle day that had as a slogan "Enough of judicial repression and criminalization of those who fight", our correspondent spoke with Natacha, companion of the CCC at the head of a dining room in the city of Ensenada.
Description: Natacha, like thousands of women in Argentina, the first thing he does is offer you something to eat, and if you find out that you are with problems to get to the end of the month, as many times, take out of their own pocket to feed others sons and daughters. As her social salary does not reach & Hellip;
Images: [' La-CCC-de-Ensenada-el-1-de-febrero.jpg ']
Type: article
 Natacha, like thousands of women in Argentina, the first thing that makes you escape something to eat, and if you find out that you are with problems to get the end of the month, as many times, it takes out of their own pocket to give deer other sons and daughters .
As his social salary does not reach him to support his family, every time he gives the opportunity he has more than one job and to go to the march he had to pay permission to his employer: “Luckily they understood me, because it is not as to lose a job So". He tells us.
The persecution of the CCC is to men and women of flesh and blood, who have been in front of the fight against hunger in the most difficult moments as pandemic.
In August of 2022 we learned of a presentation in a Federal Court against the CCC of Ensenada, without any foundation and using colleagues who yet maintained their social salary and ate in the dining rooms.
They used that false complaint, helped by means such as crónica and the nation+ , to expose companions and colleagues who even put their own home to be able to organize the dining rooms for the neighborhood.
-How did the idea of being in charge of a dining room arise? 
-In reality, the social part is what attracts my attention the most and seeing that in my neighborhood there is a lot of need and even I have it, I always liked the idea of helping and being able to give it a plate of food or a glass of milk to the boys who did not have it. That is the reason why I chose it.
-When did you start shaping this project to provide a dish seized to those who have less? 
-I began about three years ago, with the Covid pandemic the needs increased. I started with the CCC. This social movement helped me to undertake what the dining room is today. We have been fighting for three years and we continue to continue, because the dining room has less and less resources, or more people come, but well, it is still in the fight.
-Did you have any problem since you are in charge of the dining room? -I understand that they made a complaint, are you aware of what teacusan? 
-The reality are false accusations. There is no evidence and I did not get any legal demand to my house. The people who accused me spoke on the television program of the Pelado de Crónica, putting my name and naming the current. These programs campaign for Macri and Milei, hate those who organize ourselves in the neighborhood.
-Can that complaint have to do with the economic contribution made by each member in the movement? 
-In a moment there was talk that I could have to do. But when one enters the movement, work, contribution and marches are discussed, and it is explained for what they are. And the contribution money is voluntary. It is a minimum contribution so that when we go to the marches we have the Sanguche, the soda and the trip, so that it does not come out of a single pocket, since you are helping colleagues who capable at that time do not even have to travel. There are companions who really do not have even the water with the mate because they do not have yerba in the house and from there everything we need comes out.
-Did you ever force you or any member to make this economic contribution? 
-No. We never force them. We propose it and tell him what it is, and it is minimal what has to be contributed. Many times they give us merchandise, but not meat or the rest of the things we need for the pot, so we use that money we get together every month. I decide justice or not, I am not going to change my thought, the social is born, it comes from inside. I learned and became stronger with the CCC and the fight. Help people who have less than me, even I have not so much, come with me and be in the social movement in which I am today taught me that if I fight, I win. So I'm not going to stop fighting at any time. And we will continue to go to the marches to be able to ask for the things that do not give us or to continue fighting to have the things we need. We have a lot to change in Argentina.
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/aunque-nos-persigan-seguiremos-marchando/ 
Atik delegation in the earthquake zone 
Author: ['muhabirhasan']
Time: 2023-02-15T99:00:00-04:00
Description: News Center | 15.02.2023 | At the morning of February 6 in Pazarcık district of Maraş, which occurred at 04.17 and at least ...
Images: [' atik-620x330.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 News Center | 15.02.2023 | On the morning of February 6 in Pazarcık district of Maraş 04.17'demeydana and at least 10 provinces affecting 7.7 magnitude earthquake square. 9 hours after the first earthquake again in the district of Maraş Elbistan was a second earthquake in the 7.6 -hugeness. Thousands of people in these earthquakes have been unstoppable and tens of thousands of people remained homeless.
WASTE(European Confederation of Turkish Workers)Immediately after this earthquake, he launched a financial campaign for support in Europe. With the start of the campaign, many associations and committees affiliated to the Confederation have completed the work. Donations were donated by various activities in many parts of Europe.
Some of the income in this campaign was sent with the Atik Delegation from Europe to the earthquake zone. Health workers from Atikdelegation are carried out with the Turkish Medical Association. Atik, new women and YDG volunteers work continues to respond to the necessity of the people in the region.
The Republic of Turkey does not help the earthquake zone, and in many parts of the region, the expected tents, heater and food aids, which are urgent and expected, are prevented. Many basic aids coming from outside are not left in by the law enforcement forces of Yadevlet or Elkonuyu by AFAD.
Especially the aid of the village regions is seriously impaired. Due to AFAD's obstacles, many villages are still tent.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/atik-delegasyonu-deprem-boelgesinde 
The governor of Mendoza against the Constitution and the original peoples 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-02-15T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: The National Institute of Indigenous Affairs, (INAI), approved the folders of the technical, legal and cadastral survey, with resolutions published in the Official Gazette of February 3, 2023, to 3 Mapuche communities: Lof the Sosneado located in San Rafael, Lof Suyai Leufu de Malargüe and Lof Limay Kurref, of the Molles Malargüe de la & Hellip;
Images: [' Mapuches-mendoza.jpg ']
Type: article
 The National Institute of Indigenous Affairs,(House), approved the folders of technical, legal and cadastral rooting, with resolutions published in the official of February 3, 2023, to 3 Mapuche communities: Lof Elsosneado located in San Rafael, Lof Suyai Leufu de Malargüe and Lof Limaykurref, of the Molles Malargüe de The province of Mendoza.
We have read these resolutions, such as the 47/2023 and are fully adjusted, faithfully respecting the constitutional mandate of article 75 subsection17, Resolution 169 of the ILO, incorporated as a supra -constitutional norm, faithfully respecting Law 23,302 and its regulatory decree, the law 26,160, its validity extension laws and its regulatory decree, and article18 of the new Civil and Commercial Code, which derives to a specific law that still exists, the Indigenous Community Property Law.
This fact, very positive for the indigenous communities of Mendoza, have urged a great political, legal, historical and social stir, where numerous reactionary, unconstitutional attitudes, falsehoods, misrepresentations, misrepresentations, misrepresentations. And at the same time answers in defense of the laws and historical details based on the truth.
The governor of Mendoza lacks the truth 
First we will deal with the sayings of Governor Suarez, who has said that it is against the delivery of land to those communities, that in them there are actives of Mendoza as oil, etc. That will first resort to administratively and then judicially the resolution of the INAI, because it would not be constitutional.
Strange that a governor says that they "deliver land." To say this is to miss the truth, when the fact is not that, but the approval of a carpetate, legal, cadastral why lie?, To enervate encouragement in society. Second: Knowing that any administrative and then judicial resource that promotes will be denied, but that generates expenses in lawyers, useless, useless, expenses paid by taxpayers, this attitude is totally contradictory, politically and legally, with the decisions taken by that governance and Its predecessor, of assignments and counters of thousands of Has for tourist ventures, such as sulfur SA, instead of borderline or allowing land monopolies such as in Malargüe, of 500,000 hectares of Anglo-Malaya property.It seems clear that Suarez and Cornejo are added to the racist andxenophobic campaign of their partners of together for the change, Mauricio Macri, Miguelpichetto and Patricia Bullrich that they raise, daily revive the Argentine genocidajulio roca and ask for repression, they propose to intervene with the army in the internal internal security . Is this the defense of the Republic that postulate?
Pichetto, who alerts against separatism from a tiny sector of Mapuches, should worry about the separatism proposed by the cornejo senator. Unfortunate that these Mendoza intend(Construction Sports of the Wind).
Han sido coherentes Suarez y Cornejo, ni un paso han dado en avanzar con laley 23.302 y crear un organismo provincial para tratar la problemática de lascomunidades indígenas, ¿acaso realizaron la consulta libre, previa e informadaa las comunidades indígenas, cuando cedieron tierras para grandesemprendimientos privados?
Están en contra de la Constitución del 94, que consagró los derechosindígenas, ¿acaso no fue la redacción de esa Constitución el resultado delimpulso político que le dio el líder y presidente de la UCR: el Dr. RaúlAlfonsín? Tantos enojos tienen cuando los indígenas recuperan un poquito desus derechos y tanta complacencia cuando se entregan los activos del país alsaqueo de monopolios extranjeros.
No creemos que el pueblo mendocino, que ha dado sobradas muestras de luchadiciéndole No a la Minería, hoy se haga eco de los dichos del gobernador.Tampoco creemos que acompañe esta cruzada anti originaria y anticonstitucionalcontra el INAI y las comunidades indígenas. Pero el debate social estáabierto.
Conocer la verdadera historia 
Who can ignore the trawunche(parliament)from San Carlos? Surneculñanco, Huentecurra, Venancio Cañoepan and more than 100 lonkos(Caciques)Where they granted permission to pass and at the same time joined the fight against the Liberating Army, they were protagonists of the Triunfo Dechacabuco and Maipú. And of a Mapuche civil war to expel the Spaniards from its suterritory.
We do not want to be disrespectful with the professor and researcher of History Desan Rafael, Dr. Andrea Greco, who divides Puelches and Pehuenches of the Mapuche and associates them with the Gununa Kune, partialities of the Tehuelches, what did he study? Who did he read? What did he investigate? Of course, he does not speak of the viewing of Puelches and Huarpes, he does not talk about the clashes in 1770 Entreparcialities Pehuenches, he does not make any reference to Amigorena, to the latter of that time, and speaks of a massacre of the Mapuches about the Pephuenches and Puelches, this lacks the Truth, a falsehood. We call Ladra. Greco to study again, because if he gives advice and historic foundations to Suarez and Cornejo, he leads them to the precipice.
Of course, other notable researchers have spoken as DiegoScholar has done with correct and grounded appreciations, it will surely continue and take position from different sectors. From the original in the fight we pay struggle, solidarity, vision of rescue of the true story and we do very seriously, because we are part and we have demonstrated it very recently in the meeting of nations and native peoples in Neuquén, of the fight for unity, the defense of the 26,160, the struggle for the Common Property Law, for the historical reparation for the more than 40 villages pre -existing throughout the country.
We call all the native peoples and nations and all the social, union and political sectors to accompany us to mobilize the 19 Deabril to Buenos Aires, for our rights.
Write Margarita Peñailillo, Coordinator of the Native Movement in Lucha
Today N ° 1950 02/15/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-gobernador-de-mendoza-contra-la-constitucion-y-los-pueblos-originarios-2/ 
